But Chris came through when I called him at 1230am to see if he could hook us
 <unk> , Somerset broke even in 2009 , generating a gross turnover of £ 4 @.@ 5 million . The club achieved this despite carrying out significant building work on the County Ground during the period : the " Somerset Stand " , a 3 @,@ 000 @-@ seat grandstand opened in April , while the " Andy Caddick Pavilion " was completed just over a month later , providing new dressing rooms and club offices . Andy Nash , the Somerset chairman , highlighted the catering department and match @-@ day income as being particularly successful in 2009 , with both areas exceeding £ 1 million
[WA] Neighbor's son walked into my garage while I was welding and stared at the arc
5158	Skin Of Man gets
My husband ordered steak and eggs and he was not disappointed.
The ONLY reason this place gets one star(aside from the fact that I can't give it NO stars)is that the security staff is cool when I bring  my dog for early am training.Actually I think they might be relieved as he is a working dog,and probably looks like added security.
 In the north , the first men from the 11th and 12th Battalions started up Walker 's Ridge , under fire from a nearby Turkish trench . Around the same time Turkish artillery started bombarding the beachhead , destroying at least six boats . The Australians fought their way forward and reached Russell 's Top ; the Turks withdrew through The Nek to Baby 700 , 350 yards ( 320 m ) away . Coming under fire again the Australians went to ground , having advanced only around one thousand yards ( 910 m ) inland . Some also dug in at The Nek , a twenty yards ( 18 m ) piece of high ground between Malone 's Gully to the north and Monash Valley to the south . Around this time Colonel <unk> Sinclair @-@ Maclagan , commanding the 3rd Brigade , decided to change the corps plan . Concerned about a possible counter @-@ attack from the south , he decided to hold the Second Ridge instead of pushing forward to the Third or Gun Ridge . This <unk> suited the Turkish defence plans , which required the
 Gabriel ( October 11 , 2001 ) son
Simon Lovestone, a professor of Old Age Psychiatry at King's College London, has called it one of the most accurate, sensitive, moving and just try portrayals of dementia he has ever
 Following repairs in July 1916 , Markgraf went into the Baltic for trials . The ship was then temporarily assigned to the I Scouting Group for the fleet operation on 18 – 19 August . Due to the serious damage incurred by Seydlitz and Derfflinger at Jutland , the only battlecruisers available for the operation were Von der <unk> and Moltke , which were joined by Markgraf , Grosser Kurfürst , and the new battleship Bayern . The British were aware of the German plans , and sortied the Grand Fleet to meet them . By 14 : 35 , Scheer had been warned of the Grand Fleet 's approach and , unwilling to engage the whole of the Grand Fleet just 11 weeks after the <unk> close engagement at Jutland , turned his forces around and retreated to German ports .
Robert, being the amazing guy he is, did a wonderful job.
I could immediately tell he was not himself, which I understand because of
County Durham and Darlington fire and rescue service said it had sent four appliances to the scene and firefighters had freed a man from a
It was that involvement that inspired Adegbile's opponents, including Faulkner's widow, to argue that he should be disqualified from holding any publicly appointed position in the
 In 1970 President Richard Nixon appointed Creutz as Assistant Director for Research of the National Science Foundation . He became Assistant Director for <unk> and <unk> Sciences in 1975 , and was acting Deputy Director from 1976 to 1977 . The 1970s energy crisis raised the national profile of energy issues , and Creutz served on a panel that produced a study called The Nation 's Energy Future . His wife <unk> died of cancer in 1972 . In 1974 he married Elisabeth <unk> , who worked for the National
 = John Cullen = 
 To address the problem , and <unk> the balance for bowlers , the MCC made some alterations to the laws . The size of the ball was reduced in 1927 , and that of the stumps increased in 1931 , but the changes had little effect . Between 1929 and 1933 , county authorities conducted a trial in which a batsman could be lbw if he had hit the ball onto his pads . Then , in 1935 , an experimental law was introduced in which the batsman could be dismissed lbw even if the ball pitched outside the line of off stump — in other words , a ball that turned or swung into the batsman but did not pitch in line with the wickets . However , the ball was still required to strike the batsman in line with the wickets . The umpire signalled to the scorers when he declared a batsman out under the new rule , and any such dismissal was designated " lbw
He provides great customer service, listens and takes time to understand his clients desires.
 I opened one of those rooms , and there was a man lying on the floor . I leaned over to try to see what I could do to minister to him in some way , do something for him . He may have been on a <unk> or he may have been on the bare floor . No he was on the bare floor , because when I tried to move him , his skin came off . His skin was bloody and stuck to the floor and when I tried to lift him up it just <unk> his skin off . He was in the last stages of syphilis . He died less than a week afterwards .
8377	Its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and
5271	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved
On both of those accounts, at the moment, the system is failing, he
Right then a towering male employee opened the door in front of me, just steps away, stating gruffly, "we closed".
 The gods were believed to manifest in many forms . The Egyptians had complex conception of the human soul , consisting of several parts . The spirits of the gods were composed of many of these same elements . The ba was the component of the human or divine soul that affected the world around it . Any visible manifestation of a god 's power could be called its ba ; thus , the sun was called the ba of Ra . A depiction of a deity was considered a <unk> , another component of its being , which acted as a vessel for that deity 's ba to inhabit . The cult images of gods that were the focus of temple rituals , as well as the sacred animals that represented certain deities , were believed to house divine bas in this way . Gods could be ascribed many bas and <unk> , which were sometimes given names representing different aspects of the god 's nature . Everything in existence was said to be one of the <unk> of Atum the creator god , who originally contained all things within himself
That man
I calmly explained to the rep that my husband actually works overseas and wouldn't be home for some time; did not matter- they refused to come out without him present to oversee
 At his funeral , Stansfield 's widow Marie had an idea to set up the Adam Stansfield Foundation , which by the fourth anniversary of his death had raised over £ 150 @,@ 000 . It works in offering children football in Devon , Somerset and <unk> , the three counties in which he played professionally , as well as increasing opportunities for the disabled to take
I was treated to a pedicure here with my boyfriend and his mother.
Unfortunately I did not get the name of the gentleman who did my Pedi but he was awesome.
He's done big and small jobs and is always fair with his pricing.
 At the time of his retirement , Wilhelm had pitched in a then @-@ MLB record 1 @,@ 070 games . He is recognized as the first pitcher to have saved 200 games in his career , and the first pitcher to appear in 1 @,@ 000 games . He is also one of the oldest players to have pitched in the major leagues
He has started to repay their loyalty and his comeback for
Does anyone, he wonders, have a suggestion as to what might be amiss? Email
 However , Winchell observes that this " series of <unk> <unk> ... could be presented in any order without damaging the overall structure of his poem
1894	It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
After receiving my drink, I ordered from their very straightforward menu after asking the server what his personal favorite menu item
"I'm an actor. My boyfriend on 2 years won't attend my shows, I'm sad and angry. He said ""ask anyone"" if
The only silver lining with this place is that the bus boy filled
 The producers had Harold Jack Bloom come to Japan with them to write a screenplay . Bloom 's work was ultimately rejected , but since several of his ideas were used in
 Gerald Gardner ( 1884 – 1964 ) , the man largely responsible for propagating the Wiccan religion in Britain during the 1950s and 1960s and the founder of the Gardnerian tradition , never used the term Wicca in either sense that it is used today . He referred to the religion as the " cult of witchcraft " or " the witch @-@ cult " , the latter likely being a term borrowed from Margaret Murray , who wrote a book entitled The Witch @-@ <unk> in Western Europe ( 1921 ) . Gardner did use the term Wica , which he always spelled with only one c in his writings , but this did not refer to the religion itself , instead referring to the religion 's practitioners
 As early as 1851 , New York Congressman William <unk> alleged that that Patterson had made the gold dollar too small in diameter on purpose to provoke criticism . Patterson retired that year after 16 years in his position , and under his successor , George N. <unk> , annular gold dollar and half dollar patterns were struck . Public Ledger reported that although gold dollars would not be struck in annular form , gold half dollars would be , to help fill the need for change . With the new Pierce administration , Thomas M. Pettit took office as Mint Director on March 31 , 1853 . In April , Treasury Secretary James Guthrie wrote to Pettit that there were complaints that the gold dollar was too small , often lost or mistaken for a small silver coin , and <unk> about reports the Mint had experimented with annular dollars . Pettit replied , stating that none had been preserved , but enclosed a silver piece of equivalent size . He noted that while there would be technical difficulties in the production of the annular dollar , these could be overcome . In a letter dated May 10 , Pettit proposed an oval @-@ shaped holed piece , or an angular @-@ shaped coin , which would lessen the production problems . Pettit died suddenly on May 31 ; Guthrie did
 After the Indian Premier League 's second season demonstrated the importance of spin bowling in Twenty20 cricket , and due to Somerset 's lack of a front @-@ line spin bowler , Somerset picked young leg spinner Max Waller to make his Twenty20 debut in their opening match of the campaign . He claimed three wickets in two overs to help Somerset win by one run , and finished the competition as Somerset 's joint second @-@ highest wicket @-@ taker with 10 wickets . Despite a number of good performances by Somerset 's bowlers , a batsman was named man of the match in each of the team 's victories : James Hildreth , Craig Kieswetter and Marcus Trescothick were all awarded the accolade once , while Zander de Bruyn picked up the award on three occasions . Somerset completed the group stage with six wins , three losses and one no result , placing them third in the Midlands / Wales / West Division . They qualified for the knockout @-@ stage as they were
1488	It 's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .
'People thought that he was arrogant and his work was ugly,' says Yorkshire collector Ronnie Duncan, who befriended Davie at
 Zinc continued to pursue the lead poisoning product liability case . He settled the case for $ 6 @.@ 5 million ( including $ 1 @.@ 5 million in legal fees ) . David returns to the office and tells Oscar and Wally of his settlement . He tells them of his plan to split his earnings evenly with them . In return the three of them are to sign a 12 @-@ month contract to enter an equal partnership and will no longer be an ambulance @-@ chasing firm . Oscar and Wally agree to the new
 Despite his seclusion from society , this period saw the composition and publication of many of Alkan 's major piano works , including the <unk> études dans tous les tons mineurs , Op. 39 ( 1857 ) , the Sonatine , Op. 61 ( 1861 ) , the 49 Esquisses , Op. 63 ( 1861 ) , and the five collections of Chants ( 1857
I only worked with Josh on the sale of my home, but his team was incredible while we were
 On February 3 , 2015 , Dylan released Shadows in the Night , featuring ten songs written between 1923 and 1963 , which have been described as part of the Great American Songbook . All the songs on the album were recorded by Frank Sinatra but both critics and Dylan himself cautioned against seeing the record as a collection of " Sinatra covers " . Dylan explained , " I don 't see myself as covering these songs in any way . They 've been covered enough . Buried , as a matter a fact . What me and my band are basically doing is uncovering them . <unk> them out of the grave and bringing them into the light of day . " In an interview , Dylan said he had been thinking about making this record since hearing Willie Nelson 's 1978 album <unk> . 
Yaya Toure was denied the chance to spend time with his dying brother in hospital because Manchester City would not give him time off from the club's post-season celebration tour to Abu Dhabi, the Ivory Coast midfielder has claimed.
He paints quite a picture
 Fish created pixel art in <unk> for each <unk> side ( " <unk> " ) of the 3D <unk> that Bédard 's custom software compiled into 3D game assets , which Fish would <unk> as surfaces in <unk> to build levels . Fish found the level design process " overwhelming " , and Bédard has said he was relieved that it was not his job . Fish compared his design process to playing with <unk> blocks , and planned the more involved levels in graph paper to first visualize the 2D views before building the levels in the 3D software . The levels and puzzles were not <unk> in a design document , and many of the drafts levels scrapped in 2008 resurfaced to be used later in the production process . So as to fit the rotation mechanic , the levels were made tall instead of wide , and the first part of the game was designed
Just because hes got a bigger boat he thinks he
So what would happen if his freedom to do that was restricted by quotas? Well it's quite simple, he
He got a black coffee with cream and sugar and said he could've probably gotten better tasting coffee out of a Keurig ( his words, not mine).
31	It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta
 In 1972 Elizabeth Steele 's study of Walpole was published . Much shorter than Hart @-@ Davis 's biography , at 178 pages to his <unk> , it dealt mainly with the novels , and aimed " to show the sources of Hugh Walpole 's success as a writer during the thirty @-@ five years and fifty books of his busy career " . Steele concentrated on half a dozen of Walpole 's best books , each illustrating aspects of his writing , under the <unk>
 Busch was influential in both poetry and illustration , and became a source for future generations of comic artists . The Katzenjammer Kids was inspired by Busch 's Max and Moritz , one of a number of imitations produced in Germany and the United States . The Wilhelm Busch Prize and the Wilhelm Busch Museum help maintain his legacy . His <unk> anniversary
His law office is very professional
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Guadalupe ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe ) was built in 1660 . It was the first baptistery of the cathedral and for a long time was the site for the <unk> of the Most Holy <unk> , which had many powerful benefactors . It is decorated in a 19th century neo @-@ classic style by the architect Antonio Gonzalez <unk> , director of the Academy of San Carlos . The main altarpiece is dedicated to the Virgin of Guadalupe and the sides altars are dedicated to John the Baptist and San Luis <unk>
 The First World War brought an end to Hornung 's fictional output . His son , Oscar , was killed at the Second Battle of Ypres in July 1915 . Hornung joined the YMCA , initially in England , then in France , where he helped run a canteen and library . He published two collections of poetry during the war , and then , afterwards , one further volume of verse and an account of his time spent in France , Notes of a Camp @-@ <unk> on the Western Front . Hornung 's fragile constitution was further weakened by the stress of his war work . To aid his <unk> , he and
3871	And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively
 The Industrial Workers of the World ( <unk> or " <unk> " ) , though much @-@ reduced from their <unk> as militant labor organizers in the early years of the century , hoped to <unk> the Six Companies workers by <unk> on their discontent . They sent eleven organizers , several of whom were arrested by Las Vegas police . On August 7 , 1931 , the company cut wages for all tunnel workers . Although the workers sent away the organizers , not wanting to be associated with the " <unk> " , they formed a committee to represent them with the company . The committee drew up a list of demands that evening and presented them to Crowe the following morning . He was <unk> . The workers hoped that Crowe , the general superintendent of the job , would be sympathetic ; instead he gave
He spent time working with all his
When he called them he was told, "Oh yeah.
He also wants
For a time he
quickly approached us and introduced himself as
 Until the Whole World Hears received a mixed @-@ to @-@ positive reception from critics and was nominated for Pop / Contemporary Album of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards . Three singles were released from the album : the title track , " If We 've Ever Needed You " , and " Glorious Day ( Living He Loved Me ) " . The title track and " Glorious Day ( Living He Loved Me ) " both peaked atop the Billboard Christian Songs chart , while the latter also peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart ; " If We 've Ever Needed You " peaked at No. 5 on
The judge said the politician was no ingenue and added: He is a former minister in the government of his home country.
 On the same day , the Viet Cong bombed the <unk> Hotel , where US officers were <unk> , killing two Americans and injuring around 50 people , civilian <unk> and military personnel . As a result , there was a suspicion among a minority that Khánh 's junta had been behind the attack , even though the Viet Cong had claimed responsibility through a radio broadcast . When the Americans started making plans to retaliate against North Vietnam , they did not tell Khánh and his junta . Westmoreland , Taylor , and other senior US officers in Saigon and Washington urged President Lyndon <unk> Johnson to authorize reprisal bombings against North Vietnam , Taylor predicting : " Some of our local <unk> will probably disappear in enthusiasm which our action would generate . " Johnson refused and one reason was the political instability in Saigon . Johnson reasoned the international community and the American public were unlikely to believe the Viet Cong were behind the attack , feeling they would instead blame local infighting for the violence . Johnson administration officials did not conclude that the communists were responsible until four days
Matt described his process in creating this dish and how he wanted to really nail it as
4101	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
The owner Lance is a solid guy and knows his
Finally he tried to sell me a DIY polishing machine that he supposedly invented himself because he is a chemist, and instead of telling the specs he
), LOV se distingue par sa créativité et son attention aux
I spoke to the staff and he apologized and was happy  to
I was friendly and said "Thanks so much, I will think it over" and he turned his back to me and walked away ignoring me.
 The university assumed ownership of the now @-@ disused observatory building and was originally going to abandon it . Louis Beaufort Stewart , a lecturer in the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering , campaigned for it to be saved for the Department of Surveying and <unk> . He eventually arranged for the building to be re @-@ constructed on a more suitable site . Demolition work was carried out in 1907 : the stones were simply left in place over the winter , and were used the following year to construct a re @-@ arranged building just east of the main University College building ( south of
But he defended his decision to order dozens of already full and overcrowded prisons to take 440 extra offenders between them
Soon, an employee passed by and I grabbed him and told him our order and he
The Watchmen star will star opposite Gael Garcia Bernal in the Spanish-language movie, which will be directed by Alfonso Cuaron's son Jonas, said The Hollywood Reporter's Heat
 Jordan 's private jet features a stripe in Carolina blue , the " Air Jordan " logo on the tail , and references to his career in the identification number .
 Until around 1990 , the North Korean state required every able @-@ bodied male to be employed by some state enterprise . However , some 30 % of married women of working age were allowed to stay at home as full @-@ time housewives ( less than some countries in the same region like South Korean \ Japan and Taiwan , more than Soviet Union \ <unk> China or Nordic countries like Sweden , about the same as Today 's USA ) . ) In the early 1990s , an estimated 600 @,@ 000 @-@ 900 @,@ 000 people perished in the famine , which was largely a product of the North Korean government 's unwillingness to reform the economy , and the old system began to fall apart . In some cases women began by selling household items they could do without or <unk> food . Today at least three
He said "Let's
His specialty is
 <unk> as an unusual combination of a large church surmounted by a hotel , construction of the building brought architectural dispute . Initially designed by Timothy L. Pflueger in the style of Gothic Revival , the investors fired his firm and hired Lewis P. Hobart , who changed little of Pflueger 's design . In a resulting lawsuit , Pflueger won nearly half the damages he asked for . The building opened in 1930 as the William Taylor Hotel and Temple Methodist Episcopal Church . However , extra construction expenses had put the congregation at greater financial risk , and the church @-@ hotel concept did not
 Sisler died on January 9 , 2011 of prostate cancer at the age of 79 in St. Louis , Missouri . He was survived by his wife Janet , son and three grandchildren .
6884	Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
He also provided future guidance which enabled protection for
 On 7 August the Greater <unk> ( a feast day celebrating the end of the Islamic year ) coincided with the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps at Romani being ordered to move out with supplies for the advancing troops , but 150 men , most of whom were past the end of their contracts and entitled to be discharged , refused orders to fill their water bottles , draw their rations and saddle up . One man was hit about the head with the butt of a pistol and the dissenters were dispersed
 However , Hamels left spring training on March 16 after feeling tightness between innings , and flew to Philadelphia to have his left elbow examined by Dr. Michael <unk> . " This will obviously set me back a couple of days , and I don 't think that should be a big deal " , said Hamels . <unk> found no structural damage in his arm , yet Hamels still did not pitch on Opening Day as expected ; Myers did for the third consecutive season . For the first time in his career , he went <unk> in his first four starts , and left back @-@ to @-@ back starts early due to injury in late April , sustaining a left @-@ shoulder <unk> and an ankle sprain respectively . From June on , however , he returned to his previous form , recording two complete @-@ game <unk> ( tied for the NL @-@ lead ) , striking out at least 10 batters in two separate games , and amassing a 21 @-@ inning scoreless streak from August 21 to September 6 , while allowing just two home runs in his final eight starts . In July , the Phillies augmented their starting rotation by acquiring two former Cy Young Award winners in Cliff Lee and Pedro Martínez from a trade and a free agent signing respectively . Due to his early season injury struggles , Hamels posted a 10 – 11 record and a 4
Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
We all left because one of our friends were refused of entry by the same outfit that he wore the week before, and he was able to
Could be time for a sequel to Promises to Keep from 2007, though his position as vice president might constrain
 Although nearly the entire DuMont film archive was destroyed , several surviving DuMont shows have been released on DVD . A large number of episodes of Life Is Worth Living have been saved , and they are now aired weekly on Catholic @-@ oriented cable network , the <unk> Word Television Network , which also makes a collection of them available on DVD ( in the biographical information about Fulton J. Sheen added to the end of many episodes , a still image of Bishop Sheen looking into a DuMont Television camera can be seen ) . Several companies that distribute DVDs over the Internet have released a small number of episodes of Cavalcade of Stars and The Morey Amsterdam Show . Two more DuMont programs , Captain Video and His Video Rangers and Rocky King , Inside Detective , have had a small
 There are several references to the cathedral in medieval sources . The earliest reference to the church tells of the transfer of Saint Michael the Warrior 's relics from the <unk> fortress to the Patriarchal Cathedral on the order of Tsar <unk> ( r . <unk> – 1207 ) . The housing of a warrior saint 's relics in the Patriarchal Cathedral signifies the incessant warfare against <unk> and <unk> that dominated <unk> 's reign . In the late 14th century , the last Patriarch of Tarnovo , Saint <unk> , described the church as the " great patriarch 's Cathedral of the Holy Ascension " in his writings
Keep up the good work on selecting employees that lack the motivation to help others when your store is completely empty and hd couldn't take him 5
I immediately took offense to his attitude
We took him up on his offer yesterday, when we wrote in and said we'd be stopping by for take out again -- he said they would make us a bunch of stuff (chef's
10830	Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
Our 5 year old son with with us as well and he had a great
 In addition to the main television series , Perry has appeared in several pieces of Phineas and Ferb merchandise . To date , he has appeared in all Phineas and Ferb <unk> , published by Disney Press . The character has been adapted into a 20 inch plush toy , released by The Walt Disney Company . The plush has a button on its hand that allows it to emit Perry 's signature chattering noise . Certain t @-@ shirts based on the series released by both Disney and the online retail website <unk> also display Perry and the phrase " Hey , where 's Perry ? " which most characters like Phineas , Isabella , Stacy , Irving , Ferb , and Lawrence utter when Perry goes to Major Monogram in his secret lair in almost every episode . There also is a T @-@ <unk> with Perry 's face . Perry appears in the Nintendo DS video game based on the series , simply titled Phineas and Ferb , where a mini @-@ game involves Perry stopping Doofenshmirtz 's latest evil scheme . As of 1 April 2014 , Perry
My 6 year old son wanted to go see a show when
Mr Obama has called a G7 summit in The Hague to deepen his effort to isolate Russia and present it with costs over its incursion into the Ukrainian region President Barack Obama will begin a six-day trip to Europe and Saudi Arabia on Monday seeking to reassure US allies amid the worst East-West crisis in years and to defend his nuclear diplomacy
[NJ] Neighbors kid sat on my motorcycle without permission. Fell and broke his femur.
4828	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic
 In December 1971 , Lennon and Ono appeared at the Apollo Theater in Harlem . Lennon performed " Imagine " with an acoustic guitar , yielding the earliest known live recording of the song , later included on the John Lennon Anthology ( 1998 ) . In 1975 , he sang " Imagine " during his final
Met with Tim from Precision Window Tint, he was very helpful and scheduled to have 5 of our windows tinted within
 The only surviving fragments of the building — the wash @-@ basin and two memorial tables from the <unk> , as well as some parts of a column — were saved by Ivo Kraus . He pulled them from the rubble shortly after the end of World War II . The wash @-@ basin and the
 Tristan ran nine times in the first half of 1880 , winning four races worth about £ 1 @,@ 900 @.@ beginning his career with a second place in the Lincoln Cup at Lincoln Racecourse . At Epsom in April he won the Westminster Stakes and then finished second of fifteen runners to the filly <unk> in the Hyde Park Plate . On 11 May he won the Breeders ' Plate over five furlongs at York reversing the Epsom form by beating <unk> " cleverly " . At the end of the month Tristan returned to Epsom for the Derby meeting and won the Stanley Stakes , in which his three opponents included the future Grand National winner <unk> . At Royal Ascot he finished third to Sir Charles in the New Stakes , the race
 Bramantyo attempted to make his film as historically accurate as possible . However , as no documentation of Dahlan 's life before he went to Mecca exists , the scenes showing Dahlan 's youth were fictionalized . The script underwent
I told my server and he politely and understandingly took it back
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets
 Promoted to the rank of brigadier , after the German surrender in North Africa , Wheeler was sent to Algiers where he was part of the staff committee planning the invasion of Italy . There , he learned that the India Office had requested that the army relieve him of his duties to
One bite into the duck fat fries (served with three different sauces, my favorite being garlic aioli) and the rib cap (the best, fattiest part of the ribeye steak) I understood why he was so noticeably upset at the prospect of not being able to make this dinner.
And the guy helping us
 The film 's soundtrack , marketed by <unk> Music , was released on 4 April 2006 , at Hotel Viceroy in Hyderabad with Mahesh 's father Krishna attending the event as the guest of honour . Sify called the soundtrack a <unk> one and chose " Gala Gala " as the pick of the album . IndiaGlitz called it a " run of the mill " album that lacks freshness . The reviewer chose " <unk> " , " Gala Gala " and " <unk> " as the picks of the album , rating each 3 @.@ 5 out of 5 . <unk> rated the soundtrack 3 out of 5 stars and stated : " The first time you hear Pokiri , the sound of it is good ; it doesn 't start to grow on
 In spite or perhaps because of his role in these nuclear tests , Reines was concerned about the dangers of radioactive pollution from atmospheric nuclear tests , and became an advocate of underground nuclear testing . In the wake of the <unk> crisis , he participated in John Archibald Wheeler 's Project 137 , which evolved into <unk> . He was also a delegate at the <unk> for Peace Conference in Geneva in
They were massive and he couldn't finish them lol So incredibly delicious the Sonoran was my favorite!
 In 2008 , Federer won one Grand Slam singles title at the US Open over <unk> Andy Murray . Federer was defeated by Nadal in two Grand Slam finals , at the French Open , and at Wimbledon , when he was going for six straight wins to break Björn Borg 's record . At the Australian Open , Federer lost in the semifinals to eventual winner Djokovic , which ended his record of 10 consecutive finals . Later in the year , it was found Federer had been suffering from <unk> at the start of the year , particularly during the Australian Open . He lost twice in Masters Series 1000 finals on clay to Nadal , at Monte Carlo and Hamburg . However
The try he
He forgot to leave his grip
 Federer also took four ATP Masters Series 1000 wins : Indian Wells , Miami , and Cincinnati on hard court , and Hamburg on clay . The win in Miami was particularly noteworthy as it was the first final contested between Federer and Rafael Nadal in what would become one of the greatest rivalries in tennis history . Federer received from down two sets and a break to take the final in five sets . Furthermore , Federer won two ATP 500 series events at Rotterdam and Dubai . Federer lost the year @-@ end championships to David Nalbandian in five sets while playing through a foot injury that sidelined him for almost the entire season after September . He maintained his position as world No. 1 for
Well, I was shopping with a guy who's a size 'L' and they barely had his size in the style and color he
 Cresswell was bought by Championship rivals Leeds United on a four @-@ year contract on 24 August 2005 for a fee of £ 1 @.@ 15 million , after rivals Sheffield United had a £ 1 million bid accepted . After the signing was completed , manager Kevin Blackwell said " To get a player of Cresswell 's quality is amazing " , while Cresswell cited his desire to win automatic promotion with Leeds . He first found the net with two goals in Leeds ' League Cup 2 – 0 away victory against Rotherham United on 20 September 2005 . However , Cresswell suffered knee ligament damage in a match against Derby County eight days later . This injury kept Cresswell out of action for seven weeks , making his return in Leeds ' 1 – 0 defeat away to Wolves on 17 December 2005 , and scoring in his second match back against Coventry City in a 3 – 1 home win on 26 December . Another knee injury picked up during a training session in February 2006 kept him out of the team until he entered Leeds ' 1 – 1 draw with
After some looking he
 Brian takes Stewie to the mall , only to get a rude brush @-@ off from Santa . As a result , Stewie vows to kill Santa for blowing him off and forces Brian to take him to the North Pole . Attempting to trick Stewie , he brings him to a Santa 's Village amusement park . Soon discovering the <unk> , Stewie threatens to shoot Brian if he does not take him to the real North Pole . Stewie <unk> a ride with a <unk> and so Brian follows him all the way to Canada . On the way , Stewie accidentally causes a traffic <unk> by <unk> a flare pistol in the cab of the truck , which catches fire and explodes . <unk> his car in a chain reaction , Brian becomes angry
Hubby left half his burger on
He was thankfully interested in seeing what I was driving and
 The first issue , dated March 1940 , contained " Emergency <unk> " , James Blish 's first published story , two stories by John Russell <unk> ( one under the pseudonym " <unk> <unk> " ) , fiction by Frank <unk> Long , Ross <unk> , Raymond <unk> , <unk> Vincent and Dean O 'Brien ; and a poem by <unk> , " The Song of the Rocket " , under the pseudonym " Gabriel <unk> " . Blish 's most notable contribution to the magazine was " Sunken Universe " , which appeared in the May 1942 issue under the pseudonym " Arthur <unk> " . This later formed part of " Surface <unk> " , one of Blish 's most popular stories . Other writers whose first story appeared in Super Science Stories include Ray Bradbury , Chad Oliver , and Wilson Tucker . Bradbury 's first sale , " <unk> " , was bought by Norton , and appeared in the November 1941 issue ; Tucker 's writing career began with " <unk> Way Station " in May 1941 , and Oliver 's " The Land of Lost Content " appeared in the November 1950 Super Science Stories . Asimov appeared four times in Super Science Stories , starting with " Robbie " , his first Robot story , under
 Two people were arrested by <unk> County , Georgia police for using <unk> while stepping onto the surrounding street opposite of the church during a protest . The Atlanta Journal @-@ Constitution reported that five protesters were cited for " causing ' hazardous ' or ' offensive ' conditions " , and that eight motorists were pulled over by police and <unk> for excessive use of horns , after they <unk> while driving past the protest . The American Civil Liberties Union and Amnesty International are investigating the reaction of the police at the Atlanta protest . In contrast , a Los Angeles Police Department officer at the Los Angeles protest was widely praised after a video was uploaded to YouTube showing him acknowledging the demonstrators ' right to protest
 Harold Adams Innis ( / <unk> / ; November 5 , 1894 – November 8 , 1952 ) was a Canadian professor of political economy at the University of Toronto and the author of seminal works on media , communication theory , and Canadian economic history . Despite his dense and difficult prose , Innis was one of Canada 's most original thinkers . He helped develop the staples thesis , which holds that Canada 's culture , political history , and economy have been decisively influenced by the exploitation and export of a series of " staples " such as fur , fishing , lumber , wheat , mined metals , and coal . The staple thesis dominated
 Of Human Feelings explores jazz @-@ funk music and continues Coleman 's <unk> approach to improvisation with Prime Time , whom he introduced on his 1975 album Dancing in Your Head . He drew on rhythm and blues influences from early in his
 In the 2005 civic election , he was again elected , though his Richmond First party only won three of the eight seats . He unsuccessfully lobbied his fellow councillors to appoint him to fill one of Richmond 's two seats at Metro Vancouver . With not even his own party members supporting him for the Metro Vancouver seat and finding himself being alone in a number of issues ,
I felt so comfortable bringing my son for his
He showed up just before closing time because it was a work day and he was coming home from work.
Asked about the effect on the soldiers and whether it occured to him that the order would be used by Iraqi propagandists and inflame hostility, Biggart replied that these
No, no, to test his neck
 Dylan commenced a tour of Japan in Tokyo on April 4 , 2016 , which concluded in Yokohama on April 28 . Dylan announced a tour of the US starting in <unk> WA on June 4 , 2016 , and finishing in <unk> <unk> on July 17 . Dylan has also announced his participation in a so @-@ called " Mega @-@ <unk> " titled Desert Trip , in California on October 7 , when he will perform at the same event as the Rolling
 The series was brought together by Ruwan Jayatilleke , Marvel 's Vice President of Development . He attained the license to publish Halo comics , including the single @-@ volume The Halo Graphic Novel , in 2005 . The graphic novel 's critical and commercial success prompted Marvel to announce a new Halo limited series in 2006
 In the meantime , the situation in Prussia was changing . Following the death of Frederick William III , the new regime of Frederick William IV was far more liberal . <unk> was dismissed , and the Berlin premiere of Les Huguenots was arranged ( 20 May 1842 ) . On the instigation of Alexander von Humboldt , Meyerbeer was installed later in the year as Prussian <unk> and director of music for the Royal Court . Meyerbeer wrote a number of works for court occasions , and also provided music , at the King 's request , for the first staging on Berlin in 1856 of his brother Michael 's play Struensee ( based on the life of Johann Friedrich Struensee ) , which had also been proscribed under the
Carter Page testifies he
He reported to my coworker that they have revamped
 Finkelstein had made many criticisms of the <unk> , <unk> and <unk> Movement . Finkelstein stated that " I think the solidarity movement has the right tactics . I support the BDS . But I said it will never reach a broad public until and unless they are explicit on their goal . And their goal has to include recognition of Israel , otherwise it 's a <unk> . " Elsewhere , he has stated that he supports a " <unk> " BDS , making the
Louie seemed to be calmer going in and coming out from this groomer (compare to when he was at
By the time he situated my transaction, about
When David Hockney saw the Scottish painter's breakthrough exhibition at the Whitechapel Gallery in 1958, he immediately dropped his northern kitchen sink realism in favour of an expressive abstraction similar to Davie's
 The author notes Van Morrison 's dislike of conformity , and quotes him as saying : " I hate organizations . " Of his period in his life of experimentation , Van Morrison comments : " I 'm not searching for anything in particular . I 'm just <unk> in the dark ... for a bit more light . That 's it really . "
 The first published description of a case of leukemia in medical literature dates to 1827 , when French physician Alfred @-@ Armand @-@ Louis @-@ Marie Velpeau described a 63 @-@ year @-@ old <unk> who developed an illness characterized by fever , weakness , urinary stones , and substantial enlargement of the liver and spleen . Velpeau noted the blood of this person had a consistency " like <unk> " , and speculated the appearance of the blood was due to white <unk> . In 1845 , a series of people who died with enlarged <unk> and changes in the " colors and <unk> of their blood " was reported by the Edinburgh @-@ based pathologist <unk> Bennett ; he used the term "
Mrs Clifford, who used to work as PA to the celebrity publicist, married him in April 2010, seven years after the death of his first wife
 The formal engagement of marriage was announced on 3 January 1878 , a day Rosebery forever afterwards regarded as sacred . Writing to a friend in January 1878 , Rosebery described his wife as " very simple , very <unk> , very clever , very warm @-@ hearted and very shy ... I never knew such a beautiful character . " The marriage was celebrated in London on 20 March 1878 at the Board Room of <unk> in Mount Street , and also in a Christian ceremony at Christ Church in Down Street , Piccadilly . To show " official " disapproval , no male member of
 <unk> critics in jazz complained about the music 's incorporation of <unk> beats and electric guitar . In <unk> Review , Chris <unk> deemed the combination of saxophone and bizarre funk occasionally captivating but ultimately <unk> . Dan Sullivan of the Los Angeles Times argued that the album 's supporters in " hip rock circles " had overlooked flaws ; he felt Tacuma and Coleman 's playing sounded like a unique " beacon of clarity " amid an incessant background . Leonard Feather wrote in the Toledo <unk> deemed the music <unk> ambiguous , potentially controversial , and difficult to assess but interesting enough to warrant a listen . At the end of 1982 , Billboard editor Peter <unk> named Of Human Feelings the year 's best album , calling it a prime example of fusing free jazz with modern funk . In year @-@ end lists for The Boston Phoenix , James Hunter and Howard Hampton ranked the album number one and number four , respectively . It was voted 13th best in the <unk> & <unk> , an annual poll of American critics nationwide , published in The Village Voice . Christgau , the poll 's supervisor , ranked it number one in an accompanying list , and in 1990 he named it the second @-@ best album of
He has good men inside him and outside him in Dwayne Peel and Tuitoupou, while the pack are tough and give everything.
He explained everything very well and
I hope he is as good as Dr. Lok!
In a matter of minutes he confirmed that the issue was the AC Clutch assembly and not the AC Compressor.
The therapist didn't really ask me many questions about my problem areas, and then despite me requesting arms, he did
My technician, Brandon, was prompt and courteous, and told me what he was going to do, what chemicals he was using, and any precautions I might want to observe, if any, around
Boy oh boy has this hotel gone downhill....was
My landlord is replacing the only bedroom window with one that doesn't open. Is he breaking the
"Update: Landlord wont and didn't cash my checks for the past three months! I asked him why and he told
 In general , Odaenathus ' actions were connected to his and Palmyra 's interests only ; his support of Gallienus and his Roman titles did not hide the Palmyrene base of his power and the local origin of his armies , as with his decision not to wait for the emperor to help in 260 . Odaenathus ' status seems to have been , as Watson put it , " something between powerful subject , independent vassal king and
 In preparation for what he hoped would be the final attack on The Gully , Vokes shifted the 2nd Canadian Infantry Brigade to occupy positions formerly belonging to the 1st Brigade . Vokes planned for an attack by The Carleton and York Regiment to be the last of the frontal assaults against The Gully
 There Will Be Blood stood apart from his first four films but shared similar themes and style such as flawed characters , moving camera , memorable music , and a lengthy running time . The film was more overtly engaged with politics than his previous films had
 Howard Blake recalls : " I went to a viewing and saw that the film was very profound , with a serious anti @-@ war theme , but a certain amount of ' found ' choral music had already been laid in by the editors ... I explained that I loved the film and I thought the choral / orchestral music worked brilliantly but it was very big and rich and I felt a score would have to emerge from it and be very pure and expressive and quite small — and that I could only hear this in my head as done by strings only . " Blake decided to compose his score to match the key of the Schubert Mass , in order for the music to continue seamlessly . However , during the recording session with his orchestra , the Sinfonia of London , he found that the Schubert piece was running slow and therefore flat , and he had to ask the players to tune flat to match his intended key . 
5282	Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will
When Danny Cipriani tried to sprint across a busy road during a team bonding session almost a year ago he certainly
 = Stay @-@ at @-@ home dad =
Trump cited a nonexistent incident in Sweden during his rally on Saturday
Lastly, He continued to make the situation
Guy at
 ML <unk> also came under heavy fire when it arrived near the port . Sergeant Thomas Durrant of No. 1 Commando , manning the aft Lewis gun , engaged gun and <unk> positions on the run in . He was wounded but refused to leave the gun for treatment . The ML reached the open sea but was attacked at short range by the German torpedo boat Jaguar . Durrant returned fire , aiming for the torpedo boat 's bridge . He was wounded again but remained at his gun even after the German commander asked for their surrender . <unk> drum after drum of ammunition , he refused to give up until after the ML had been boarded
 Etty said of his approach to the text that he was hoping to create " a general allegory of Human Life , its empty vain pleasures — if not founded on the laws of Him who is the Rock of Ages . " While Etty felt that
 During Briggs ' time as governor , abolitionist activists continued to make <unk> against both the Whigs and Democrats , primarily making common cause with the Democrats against the dominant Whigs . Briggs ' stance as a Cotton Whig put him in opposition to these forces . He opposed the Mexican @-@ American War , but acceded to federal demands that the states assist in raising troops for the war , earning the wrath of activist Wendell Phillips . He did promote other types of reform , supporting Horace Mann in his activities to improve education in the state
 Despite these numbers , not all the clergy were regularly present at the services in Elgin Cathedral . <unk> was an enduring fact of life in all cathedrals in a period when <unk> clerics would accept positions in other cathedrals . This is not to say that the time spent away from the chanonry was without permission , as some canons were appointed to be always present while others were allowed to attend on a part @-@ time basis . The dean of Elgin was permanently in attendance ; the precentor , chancellor , and treasurer , were available for half the year . The non @-@ permanent canons had to attend continuously for three months . The chapter decided in <unk> to <unk> persistently absent canons who broke the terms of their attendance by removing one seventh of their income . In the Diocese of Aberdeen and it is assumed in other <unk> also , when important decisions of the chapter had to be taken , an <unk> canon had to appoint a <unk> to act on his behalf — this was usually one of the dignitaries who had a higher likelihood of being present .
10678	This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon
 <unk> <unk> as <unk> , another of Gabbar 's men whom he kills in a game of Russian <unk> 
Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
Thats because he wasnt
 Green began his mission in June 1968 , at the age of 53 , initially in <unk> on Saturdays , becoming a full @-@ time human billboard six months later on Oxford Street . He <unk> there from <unk> with a sandwich board attached to the bicycle , a journey of 12 miles ( 19 km ) that could take up to two hours , until he was given a bus pass when he turned 65 . 
I told him that he should give me some compensation in addition to
 The Egyptians also devised false etymologies giving more meanings to divine names . A passage in the Coffin Texts renders the name of the funerary god <unk> as <unk> r , meaning " cleaning of the mouth " , to link his name with his role in the Opening of the Mouth ritual , while one in the Pyramid Texts
There was a guy who was working
 After the garrison of Nevesinje had been relieved , Laxa directed his main effort towards the Gacko and Avtovac districts . <unk> to the fact that the Italians had not respected the territorial borders of the NDH when they sent their column to Gacko , he considered it very important that Croatian military and political prestige be restored , otherwise the Italians might decide to remain in the area rather than withdraw to their garrison near the Adriatic coast . He planned to follow this consolidation by clearing the border areas with Montenegro then clearing the hinterland of any remaining rebels . For this last task he intended to deploy a yet @-@ to @-@ be @-@ formed special unit to be led by Lieutenant Colonel Josip <unk> . The task of re @-@ asserting NDH authority in the Gacko and Avtovac districts was allocated to Prohaska 's group , consisting of the 6th Battalion , one company of the 18th Battalion , two companies of the 17th Battalion , and the recently arrived 15th and 21st Battalions , which were to be sent to Nevesinje from Mostar . Prohaska was to act in concert with the 11th Battalion who were already in the vicinity of Plužine , just to the north of the Nevesinje – Gacko road . In preparation , the 15th Battalion was <unk> to Nevesinje , and a company of the 17th Battalion conducted a coordinated attack with the 11th Battalion on rebel positions near Kifino Selo . This attack was defeated by the rebels , and a battalion commander was killed .
He didn't have the faintest clue about the car or what I needed looked at and so his
They handed him our ice cream and he asked for spoons...THEY WERE
He noted that police are called to thousands of cases and only fire in very
 Helms began wrestling at the age of 16 in 1991 . He won his first championship shortly afterwards , by defeating " Playboy " <unk> Cruise to become the Southern Wrestling Alliance ( <unk> ) Light Heavyweight Champion . Helms spent the majority of his early career in his home
I asked him if there was an emergency and why I could not eat my last two chicken wings.
 Eshmun 's cult enjoyed a particular importance at Sidon as he was the chief deity after 500 BC . Aside from the <unk> sanctuary at <unk> el @-@ Sheikh , Eshmun also had a temple within the city . The <unk> Eshmun Temple was associated with purification and healing ; ritual <unk> ablutions were performed in the sanctuary 's sacred basins supplemented by running water from the Asclepius River and the " Ydll " spring water which was considered to have a sacred character and therapeutic quality . The healing <unk> of Eshmun were combined with his divine consort Astarte 's <unk> powers ; the latter had an annex chapel with a sacred paved pool within the Eshmun sanctuary . <unk> from all over the ancient world flocked to the Eshmun Temple leaving votive traces of their devotion and proof of their cure . There is evidence that from the 3rd century BC onwards there have
He was in disbelief when he saw under the floor mats,
How do I tell my boyfriend I used to be in porn way before I met him and started dating him
He gave us extra tokens &
Hey-hey, now hes showing us his poking device.
 T. Arthur Cottam is a screenwriter , actor , producer and film director . A graduate of the Film and Television Production program at the <unk> School of the Arts of New York University , Cottam resides in Los Angeles , California . He acted in theatre , and received an Artistic Director Achievement Award from the Valley Theatre League for his role in the theatre production Othello as a cast member of Zombie Joe 's Underground Theatre Group . Cottam directed short films along a topical series called " Dirty Little Shorts "
Well Earnhardt had the exact trim of the 4runner I couldn't live without so I started negotiating online with a gentleman named Jacob C. He did what he could and after a few days of emailing back and forth he notified me that he could get me what I wanted for the exact price I wanted to
 Federer won three ATP Masters Series 1000 events , one was on clay in Hamburg , and the other two were on hard surfaces at Indian Wells and in Canada . Federer took the ATP 500 series event at Dubai and wrapped up the year by winning the year @-@ end championships for the second time . He also won his first tournament on home soil by capturing the Swiss Open in <unk> . His 11 singles titles were the most of any player in two decades , and his
 The Game Boy was released in Japan in April 1989 , North America in July , and Europe in September 1990 , and Super Mario Land was a launch title . The game 's official first released was on April 21 , 1989 , in Japan , and its North American release followed in August . About 22 years later , Super Mario Land was released for the Nintendo 3DS via Virtual <unk> on June 6 , 2011 , as one of its opening titles . Its added features include an increased size ( about 60 percent <unk> ) and an optional " shades of green " color palette to match
Jurors ruled that Mark Duggan was lawfully killed, leading to anger from the family Mark Duggan's family have called for calm after an inquest found that he was
He spent over 3 hours inspecting the 1000 sq foot condo I was looking at!
 A traditional game called kitsune @-@ <unk> ( fox @-@ fist ) references the kitsune 's powers over human beings . The game is similar to rock , paper , <unk> , but the three hand positions signify a fox , a hunter , and a village headman . The headman beats the hunter , whom he <unk> ; the hunter beats the fox , whom he shoots ; the fox beats the headman
A New York man has been
10563	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
His lament under the tree at Augusta two years ago - I haven't got what it takes - yells of a deep insecurity which could always stop
My husbands Michelada was not cold, he had to ask for ice.
The Uruguayan was once described by Robson as the scourge of Newcastle United so often did he score against them as a player with Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur.
I thought that was really sweet but I insisted he drop it off
6606	Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
He also took the time to have us review his work before leaving so that
My husband found this place one day while looking for somewhere to have lunch and boy were
Chelsea Petr Cech Making his 100th
 According to David Potter , Vaballathus inherited his father 's exact titles . Hartmann points that there have been cases where a Greek word was translated directly to Palmyrene and a Palmyrene equivalent was also used to mean the same thing . The dedication
I was really impressed, especially when he asked about my dogs in order to give
286	An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is
I had been watching his Manhattan crusade on the Billy Graham Evangelical
The best part was chatting it up with the Chef and his lovely wife.
I was just handcuffed and intimidated by police because someone on Craigslist wanted his money back after
I had already put that in the form, but maybe there was an issue so I sent it to him via
 Cyrus performed " Back to Tennessee " as part of the AOL Sessions on April 13 , 2009 . He also performed the song and several others in a London Apple Store on April 24 , 2009 . The set , along with some songs by Miley , were recorded and sold exclusively by the United Kingdom iTunes Store as an extended play
 <unk> against the increasingly inclusive use of the term were Pagan Witches who instead characterised their practices as forms of Traditional Witchcraft . Many Pagan Witches who considered themselves to be Traditional Witches exhibited an us @-@ and @-@ them mentality against <unk> and allied traditions , for whom they reserved the term Wicca . Doyle White suggests that they had done so in order to distance themselves from the increasing influence of the New Age movement over the Wiccan mainstream with its " <unk> emphasis on white light " , instead embracing the traditional European view that associated witchcraft with darkness . Historian Ronald Hutton states that he knew of three Wiccan <unk> founded in the 1980s who began to describe
He musta been sweeping. They found a broom in his
Suddenly an usher who must be 110 years old shone a flashlight beam at me and wagged his finger like a disapproving grandparent.
 Turner sat out his true freshman year during the 2005 season on redshirt status . In 2006 , he served as the third @-@ team quarterback behind starter Sam <unk> and reserve Jordan Steffy , but Turner saw no playing time during that season .
He said his was good as
 The parliament bought temporary calm but opposition grew once more , particularly as Montfort and his immediate family began to <unk> a huge personal fortune . Prince Edward escaped his captors in May and formed a new army , resulting in a fresh outbreak of civil war . Edward pursued <unk> 's forces through the Welsh Marches , before striking east to attack his fortress at <unk> and then turning once more on the rebel leader himself . Montfort , accompanied by the captive Henry , was unable
The chief executive of Qatar Airways, the combative Akbar Al-Baker, has made no secret of his disregard for established rights.
 Many reviews also noted the game 's high difficulty . Both Giancarlo <unk> of GameSpot and Craig Harris of IGN found that the game 's bosses have very unpredictable attack patterns , thus making the battles extremely challenging . Harris additionally observed a heavy amount of trial @-@ and @-@ error for the levels themselves where the player must die several times before completing each one . He concluded , " [ ... ] It 's really the way Mega Man games have always been ... and to be honest , with all of the annoying little deaths in the game , there 's always that sensation after every failure that you 've learned the challenge , and
 A virtual representation of Roxas appears as a boss character in the mobile phone game Kingdom Hearts coded , in which he confronts a virtual representation of Sora , he later appears in the ending as one of the people connected to Sora 's heart who may have a chance at returning one day . He makes a cameo appearance at the end of Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep , where he is shown with Xion and Axel eating sea @-@ salt ice cream in Twilight Town , as well as in Kingdom Hearts 3D : Dream Drop <unk> where Roxas contacts both Axel and Sora through dreams . He also appears in <unk> Amano 's manga and Tomoko <unk> 's novels , which reprise his role
Our server was extremely patient and took his time to explain
Ibrahim, Yaya's younger brother, had been battling cancer and was being treated at specialist hospital The Christie in Manchester, where he
He always welcomes me with a smile, he has
But despite his putter at last consenting and a series of results which boasts two victories in the last seven starts, Garcia does not
 Many other endemic species of Réunion became extinct after the arrival of man and the resulting disruption of the island 's ecosystem . The Réunion ibis lived alongside other recently extinct birds such as the <unk> starling , the Mascarene parrot , the Réunion <unk> , the Réunion swamphen , the Réunion owl , the Réunion night <unk> , and the Réunion pink <unk> . Extinct reptiles include the Réunion giant tortoise and an undescribed <unk> <unk> . The small <unk> flying fox and the <unk> <unk> <unk> lived on Réunion and Mauritius , but vanished from both islands . 
 During November 1908 , Maeda went to Paris , France , apparently to see his friend Akitaro Ono . From Paris , he went to Havana , arriving there on December 14 , 1908 , and his twice @-@ a @-@ day wrestling act quickly proved to be very popular . On July 23 , 1909 , Maeda left Havana
The manager came in about $1000 lower than where I wanted on the trade which wasn't a deal breaker until he told us the price of the new truck.
I told him that that is something that for him, for the rest of his career has to
 In 1897 , an explorer named Hugh Willoughby spent eight days <unk> with a party from the mouth of the Harney River to the Miami River . He wrote about his observations and sent them back to the New Orleans Times @-@ Democrat . Willoughby described the water as healthy and <unk> , with numerous springs , and 10 @,@ 000 alligators " more or less " in Lake Okeechobee . The party encountered thousands of birds near the Shark River , " killing hundreds , but they continued to return " . Willoughby pointed out that much of the rest of the country had been mapped and explored except for this part of Florida , writing , " ( w ) e have a tract of land one hundred and thirty miles long and seventy miles wide that is as much unknown to the white man as the
The former president is busily involved in politics on his home turf, where he served five terms as governor and keeps an apartment at his presidential library.
I ride 20 miles to see him and he tells
Our server was friendly and helpful, but he did not bring
Remy has been there only twice and the entire staff knows him by
 The album was released by Scotti Brothers Records and was only begrudgingly approved by Yankovic . At the time , Scotti Brothers had insisted on putting out a new album by Yankovic in order to meet monetary projections for the fiscal quarter , despite the fact that no new album was ready ; <unk> would not be released until later in the year . The original concept was to release a record entitled Al Unplugged , which would have featured a cover depicting Yankovic holding the <unk> for <unk> kitchen appliances , but instead of being a live album featuring live performances , it would have featured studio remixes of previously released material , with the electronic instruments missing . Yankovic convinced them to release The Food Album instead — " a concept [ he ] hated only slightly less " — but would later describe it as a " cheesy compilation " put out " against [ his ] better wishes and judgement .
 Gaozong promoted Qin Hui in 1138 and put him in charge of deliberations with the Jin . Yue Fei , Han Shizhong , and a large number of officials at court criticized the peace overtures . Aided by his control of the <unk> , Qin purged his enemies and continued negotiations . In 1138 the Jin and Song agreed to a treaty that designated the Yellow River as border between the two states and recognized Gaozong as a " subject " of the Jin . But because there remained opposition to the treaty in both the courts of the Jin and Song , the treaty never came into effect . A Jurchen army led by Wuzhu invaded in early 1140 . The Song counteroffensive that followed achieved large territorial gains . Song general Liu Qi ( <unk> ) won a battle against Wuzhu at <unk> ( modern <unk> in Anhui ) . Yue Fei was assigned to head the Song forces defending the Huainan region . Instead of advancing to Huainan , however , Wuzhu retreated to Kaifeng and Yue 's army followed him into Jin territory , <unk> an order by Gaozong that forbade Yue from going on the offensive . Yue captured <unk> and sent soldiers across the Yellow River to stir up a peasant rebellion against
He said evidence
9382	Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in
 Four weeks after the Wimbledon final , Federer again faced Murray on the Wimbledon centre court , this time for the final of the 2012 Summer Olympics . This came after an epic 4 @-@ hour 26 @-@ minute semifinal against Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina that Federer won 19 – 17 in the third and final set . He lost to Murray in straight sets in the final , winning a silver medal for his country . 
 Early plans for the fort 's armament were drawn up by Harding Stewart of the British War Office . They called for four 9 in ( 230 mm ) 12 long tons ( 12 t ) rifled muzzle @-@ loading ( RML ) guns , two mounted in turrets and two behind vertical iron shields . This configuration of siege artillery had not been tried before and the plan was abandoned due to the large expected cost . Two of the 9 in guns had been in South Australia since <unk> after a Colonial Government request , but were not used in the eventual fort design . The final Jervois / Scratchley design omitted the turret and iron shields . 64 @-@ pounder RML guns were substituted for two of the 9 in guns and 10 in 20 ton RML guns for the remaining two . The 20 ton guns were chosen over the then standard 18 ton gun by Jervois after he saw the plans in England , the decision influenced by the then fully committed nature of the Royal Arsenal . Jervois had originally ordered the 18 ton guns but cancelled the order and changed to the Armstrong 20 ton when the arsenal was unable fulfil the order . He also ordered Armstrong 's mechanical loading and protected barbette system for the 20 ton guns . This original battery of four heavy guns remains in place at the fort .
The jury heard from Mays that, having originally assumed the boxes could be handed over on the following Monday, he had then been told - he thought by Carter - they had
But as soon as Francis saw him in the crowd, the pope
Another man in our group asked for a Bud
 Since 1998 , an American botanist , Austin Mast , has been publishing results of ongoing cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for the <unk> <unk> . His analyses suggest a phylogeny that is
I had him keep me on the phone while he opened the front door (our security screen door
It shares the strip mall with the awesome Bagel Man and The Original
 At Nintendo CEO Hiroshi <unk> 's request , Game Boy creator <unk> Yokoi 's Nintendo
A friend came as his first
 Arab Christians have used two forms of <unk> that were affixed to the beginning of their written works . They adopted the Muslim bismillāh , and also created their own <unk> bismillāh as early as the 8th century . The Muslim bismillāh reads : " In the name of God , the <unk> , the <unk> . " The <unk> bismillāh reads : " In the name of Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit , One God . " The Syriac , Latin and Greek <unk> do not have the words " One God " at the end . This addition was made to emphasize the monotheistic aspect of <unk> belief and also to make
Since were were sitting near the bar we were able to watch the bar tender make drinks and saw firsthand that he was definitely not rinsing the
 On October 4 , 2011 , Dylan 's label , Egyptian Records , released an album of previously unheard Hank Williams songs , The Lost <unk> of Hank Williams . Dylan had helped to <unk> this project , in which songs unfinished when Williams died in 1953 were completed and recorded by a variety of artists , including Dylan himself , his son Jakob Dylan , Levon Helm , <unk> Jones , Jack White , and others . 
"President Trump contradicts son, indicates he knew about meeting with Russian lawyer"
 The exact beginnings of the haridasa movement in the Kannada @-@ speaking region have been disputed . <unk> <unk> , a noted <unk> scholar , claimed in his book Karnataka <unk> that the movement was inspired by saint <unk> Dasa of <unk> ( in the modern <unk> district ) in the 9th century . However , neither the language used in <unk> Dasa 's compositions nor the discovery of a composition with the pen
 Tech kicker Chris Kinzer , who kicked the game @-@ winning field goal , did not go on to play in the National Football League despite predictions that he might do so . He attended several
We were devastated to hear this, but he told us he was 97% positive the child didn't
We're a team, and I couldn't do my job without his support.
As ruthless and brilliant an agent as Mendes is, he also has a sharp eye for spotting
 We take this opportunity of advising Mr. Etty , who got some reputation for painting " Cleopatra 's <unk> " , not to be <unk> into a style which can <unk> only the most vicious taste . Naked figures , when painted with the purity of Raphael , may be endured : but nakedness without purity is offensive and indecent , and on Mr. Etty 's <unk> is mere dirty flesh . Mr. Howard , whose poetical subjects sometimes require naked figures , never <unk> the eye or mind . Let Mr. Etty strive to acquire a taste equally pure : he should know
My BF got a cheese filled bread with a side of spicy yogurt dipping sauce and he enjoyed it,
What? Hey wait a minute! Phoebe, how do you even know who the father is?
 As mentioned before , Throne 1 details either the death or abdication of Ha ' K 'in Xook . However , it should be noted that the throne was not constructed by the king himself , but rather by his successor , K 'inich Yat Ahk II . The throne was later deliberately broken apart by Piedras Negras 's enemies , but has since been
/u/andrewk77, the guy who won an LG G6
9473	One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against
 As stated by Warren Ellis , Hellblazer 's major themes were cynicism , <unk> and " sudden violence " , with the protagonist <unk> <unk> the story in dark <unk> with occasional breaking of the fourth wall . In many story arcs every victory Constantine makes has a negative side effect and often leads to tragedy . His friends , family , and others would be sacrificed or be caught in the crossfire , many of them dead or have left him . John tries his best to make something good in his
 <unk> as a parliamentary borough in 1832 , Oldham 's first parliamentary representatives were the radicals William <unk> and John <unk> . Winston Churchill began his political career in Oldham . Although unsuccessful at his first attempt in 1899 , Churchill was elected as the member of Parliament for the Oldham parliamentary borough constituency in the 1900 general election . He held the constituency for the Conservative Party until the 1906 general election , when he won the election for Manchester North West as a Liberal MP .
So the boy
 Giger was unhappy with some elements he found to bear similarity with other movies , particularly the Alien franchise . At one point he sent a <unk> to Mancuso finding five similarities : a " <unk> " ( as Sil giving birth echoed the infant Alien breaking out of its host 's chest ) , the creature having a punching tongue ( Giger at first wanted Sil 's tongue to be composed of barbed hooks ) , a cocoon , the use of flame throwers , and having Giger as the creature designer . A great point of contention was the ending , which Giger considered derivative from the <unk> from both Alien 3 and Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . The designer felt that horror films frequently held some final confrontation with fire , which he considered old @-@ fashioned and linked to medieval witch trials . He sent some ideas
He was very friendly
I went in today to pick up a to go order and boy
"My husband [24/m] and I [21/f] are trying to lose weight, but he has a
 After <unk> across the desert and nearly dying of <unk> , Tintin and Haddock are rescued and taken to a French outpost , where they hear on the radio the storm sunk the Karaboudjan . They travel to a Moroccan port , and along the way are attacked by <unk> tribesmen , defending themselves with French <unk> @-@ 36 rifles . At the port , members of his old crew kidnap the Captain after he recognises their disguised Karaboudjan . Tintin meets Thomson and Thompson who got his message , and they learn that the wealthy merchant Omar ben Salaad sold the crab tins ; Tintin tells Thomson and Thompson to discreetly investigate . Tintin tracks down the gang and saves the Captain , but they both become intoxicated by the fumes from wine barrels breached in a shootout with the villains . Haddock chases a gang @-@ member from the cellar to an entrance behind a bookcase in Salaad 's house . Upon sobering up , Tintin discovers a necklace of a crab with golden claws on the now @-@ subdued owner of the wine cellar , Omar ben Salaad , and realizes that he is the leader of the drug <unk> . Allan steals a boat and tries escaping , but Tintin captures him . The police arrest the gang and free the Japanese man , who introduces himself as <unk> Kuraki , a police detective who was trying to warn Tintin of the group he was up against . He had been investigating the sailor on Haddock 's crew who drowned ; the sailor was on the verge of bringing him opium before he was eliminated . Turning on the radio , Tintin learns that , thanks to him , the entire organisation of the Crab
 Hans Moravec blamed the crisis on the unrealistic predictions of his colleagues . " Many researchers were caught up in a web of increasing exaggeration . " However , there was another issue : since the passage of the Mansfield Amendment in 1969 , DARPA had been under increasing pressure to fund " mission @-@ oriented direct research , rather than basic undirected research " . Funding for the creative , <unk>
30-40 minutes probably went by since being seated and my boyfriend didn't even get his sushi.
Jon Landau, Springsteen's manager, cuts an avuncular, gently bearish figure backstage, and it is hard to believe this relaxed, smiling man is overseeing the complex logistical operation of shifting the Springsteen show
Each time I come to Toronto I eat there with my son or
 The two thieves thwart the dacoits sent by Gabbar to <unk> the villagers . Soon afterwards , Gabbar and his <unk> attack Ramgarh during the festival of <unk> . In a tough battle , Veeru and Jai are cornered . Thakur , although he has a gun within his reach , does not help them . Veeru and Jai fight back and the bandits flee . The two are , however , upset at Thakur 's inaction , and consider leaving the village . Thakur explains that Gabbar had killed nearly all of his family members , and cut off both his arms a few years earlier , which is why he could not use the gun . He had concealed
He just wanted to know what he had overall, so we spent some time wandering around to antique shops that
 Before the season began in March , Hamels made a complaint about the Phillies <unk> him , saying it was a " low blow " and he was " caught off @-@ guard " with the gap between what he and his agent John <unk> felt was a fair reward for his performance in the previous season and what he was paid (
I was dumbfounded at the extent of his rudeness and
 In 1849 , Briggs failed to secure a majority in the popular vote because of the rise in power of the Free Soil Party , but the Whig legislature returned him to office . In the 1850 election , anger over the <unk> of 1850 ( a series of federal acts designed to
 The show follows the lives of advertising salesman Kody Brown , his wives Meri , Janelle , Christine , and Robyn , and their 18 children . In the first season the show televised Brown 's courting and marriage of his fourth wife , Robyn Sullivan , in 2010 . Sullivan was the first new wife to enter
He was awesome in taking
 Saprang had long been a fierce critic of Thaksin Shinawatra , and prior to the coup had even called Thaksin 's supporters within the military " evil . " After the coup , Saprang called Thaksin a " traitor " and said that he
 Benjamin E. Zeller , an academic who studies new religions , notes that Applewhite and Nettles ' teachings focused on salvation through individual growth and sees this as similar to currents in the era 's New Age movement . Likewise , the importance of personal choice was also emphasized . Applewhite and Nettles denied connection with the New Age movement , viewing it as a human creation . <unk> Lalich , a sociologist , who studies cults , attributes their recruitment success to their eclectic mix of beliefs and the way that they deviate from typical New Age teachings : discussing literal <unk> while retaining familiar language . Most of their disciples were young and interested in <unk> or otherwise lived outside of mainstream society . They came from a variety of religious backgrounds , including Eastern religions and Scientology . Most were well <unk> in New Age teachings , allowing Applewhite and Nettles to convert them easily . Applewhite thought that his followers would reach a higher level of being , changing like a <unk> becoming a butterfly ; this example was used in almost all of their early literature . Applewhite contended that this would be a " biological change into a different species , casting his teachings as scientific truth in line with secular naturalism . " He emphasized to his early followers that he was not speaking <unk> , often using the words " biology " and " chemistry " in his statements . By the mid @-@ 1970s , he attempted to avoid the use of the term " religion " , seeing it as inferior to science . Although he dismissed religion as <unk> , he sometimes emphasized the need for faith in the aliens ' abilities to transform them . 
 Xenon and the other noble gases were for a long time considered to be completely chemically inert and not able to form compounds . However , while teaching at the University of British Columbia , Neil Bartlett discovered that the gas platinum hexafluoride ( PtF6 ) was a powerful oxidizing agent that could <unk> oxygen gas ( O2 ) to form <unk> hexafluoroplatinate ( O2 + [ PtF6 ] − ) . Since O2 and xenon have almost the same first ionization potential , Bartlett realized that platinum hexafluoride might also be able to <unk> xenon . On March 23 , 1962 , he mixed the two gases and produced the first known compound of a noble gas , xenon hexafluoroplatinate . Bartlett
 Odyssey Number Five mostly gained positive reviews , and was more successful than its predecessor , Internationalist . Entertainment Weekly reviewer Marc <unk> gave the album a B + . He stated that album entered new " terrain " in guitar rock , complimenting
9343	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own
5245	Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
On Friday I made a very big mistake by pharmacist that are usually go to at Walmart they didn't have the pills I needed so he suggested to go to this pharmacy to get what I needed when I got there I went to see the pharmacist because the pills I needed were behind the counter the only thing that pharmacist was telling me that the painkillers I needed wouldn't work and I was insistent not to give them to me so I'llLeft the pharmacy without the pills went back to my pharmacist at Walmart and we found what I needed if you want to good service don't go to this pharmacy Jean Coutu .Walmart in
Kevin was very professional and you could tell that he
He did another
 I never was in any house of the islands , where I did not find books in more languages than one , if I <unk> long enough to want them , except one from which the family was removed . Literature is not neglected by the higher rank of the <unk> . It need not , I suppose , be mentioned , that in countries so little frequented as the islands , there are no houses where travellers are entertained for money . He that wanders about these <unk> , either <unk> recommendations to those whose <unk> lie near his way , or , when night and weariness come upon him , takes the chance of general hospitality . If he finds only a cottage he can expect little more than shelter ; for the <unk> have
2608	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
 Liu Kang is the primary hero of both Mortal Kombat movies , where he is portrayed by Robin Shou . Director Paul W. S. Anderson wanted Liu Kang 's character to be " really engaging " and chose Shou , noting his skills with martial arts . In the first film , he takes part in the tournament out of guilt over his brother 's death at the hands of Shang Tsung ( portrayed by Cary @-@ Hiroyuki <unk> ) , and defeats Tsung in the final battle . As a result of the film 's style
 After publishing two novels , Dead Men Don 't Tell Tales in 1899 and Peccavi in 1900 , Hornung published a second collection of Raffles stories , The Black Mask , in 1901 . The nearly broke Manders is told to apply for the post of a nurse to an elderly invalid , who then reveals himself to be Raffles , who , as Manders describes , had " aged twenty years ; he looked fifty at the very least . His hair was white ; there was no trick about that ; and his face was another white . The lines about the corners of the eyes and mouth were both many and deep " . In the final story of the collection , " The <unk> of the Gods " , Raffles and Manders enlist in the army to fight in the Second Boer War ; the story closes with Manders wounded and Raffles killed . The critics again complained about the criminal aspect ; The Spectator declared " this sort of book presents crime in a form too entertaining and attractive to be moral " , while the reviewer for The Illustrated London News thought that Hornung 's " invention has obviously flagged ... It is <unk> , in a sense which the author never intended , to hear these <unk> <unk> about the honour of Old England . It is a pity that the man who wrote Peccavi should <unk> to this " . 
 The rebellion against the government of Porfirio Díaz broke out in late 1910 , after Díaz had his rival Francisco Madero imprisoned
 In 2007 , Federer reached all four Grand Slam singles finals , winning three of them again . He won the Australian Open over Fernando González and did so without dropping a set . This made him the first man in the 21st century to accomplish the feat , as Björn Borg at the 1980 French Open was the last to win a Grand Slam tournament without the loss of a set . Federer had entered the year on a huge winning streak and after capturing his fourth Dubai crown Federer 's winning streak stood at 41 matches , the longest of his career and only five shy of the record . Federer entered Indian Wells as the three @-@ time defending champion , but his streak would end in controversy . He was defeated by an Argentine , Guillermo <unk> , who had failed a drug test for illegal doping . This surprising first @-@ round defeat marked the first time since August 2006 he suffered defeat , a period spanning over
Darren McGregor did have the ball in the net for Saints five minutes from time but was ruled offside in a tight call that gave Jamie Langfield another clean sheet in the league to take him within touching distance
 <unk> , a common aspect of 19th @-@ century teaching , is prevalent in many of his works , for example <unk> <unk> in Adventures
 Music critic <unk> Marlow reviewed the soundtrack in 2013 , calling it a unique fusion of religious , folk , and classical music , with influences from around the world . He also commented on the sound design of the film , calling it psychedelic , and saying that there was
 It has been argued that the play 's themes of duplicity and <unk> are <unk> bound up with Wilde 's homosexuality , and that the play exhibits a " <unk> presence @-@ absence of … homosexual desire " . On re @-@ reading the play after his release from prison , Wilde said : " It
He was very nice
A friend went and told me that he enjoyed it.
His customer
Reid had spoken in defense of Adegbile and initially voted to proceed, but he later switched his vote to no, giving him
handed it back to the cashier and Chris continues to tell me, he is allowing the return.
 In proposing his plan for a mint and a coinage system , Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton in 1791 proposed that the one @-@ dollar denomination be struck both as a gold coin , and as one of silver , representative of the two metals which he proposed be made legal tender . Congress followed Hamilton 's recommendation only in part
This leads them to drop in on an old coot by the name of Crazy Connell, who carries a big old ferret around as he
I haven't seen him 8 out of the last 12
1750	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American
 As a four @-@ year @-@ old in 1882 , Tristan showed much improved form and established himself as one of the leading <unk> in Europe by winning ten times in fourteen starts . He began the year by winning a Queen 's Plate at Newmarket in April and followed up by winning His Majesty 's Plate at Chester in May . At Epsom Downs Racecourse he ran twice at the Derby meeting . In the Epsom Stakes , a handicap race over one and a half miles , Tristan carried top weight of 124 pounds and won by a length and a half from <unk> He then added the Epsom Gold Cup , the race which was the forerunner of the Coronation Cup , in which
11296	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
After the car accident, his bedside manner was awful.
My date better be glad that he was extremely charming and lovely or I'd have left
When his
In between, he gave me some general tips on how to maintain and style short hair
But Durkin in his closing ridiculed the notion
Both times I'd have to walk behind the counter to get his
Then some guy came up and claimed to be the manager's without even taking the time to respond to my complaints of bad service all he had to say was that a table
 The nightingale described within the poem experiences a type of death but does not actually die . Instead , the <unk> is capable of living through its song , which is a fate that humans cannot expect . The poem ends with an acceptance that pleasure cannot last and that death is an inevitable part of life . In the poem , Keats imagines the loss of the physical world and sees himself dead — as a " sod " over which the nightingale sings . The contrast between the immortal nightingale and mortal man sitting in his garden , is made all the more acute by an effort of the imagination . The presence of
A guy who seated me
 The General finally receives his passport , and two days later he sets off with his entourage for Cartagena and the coast , where more receptions are held in his honor . Throughout this time , he is surrounded by women but is too weak to engage in sexual relations . The General is deeply affected when he hears that his good friend and preferred successor for the presidency , Field Marshal Sucre , has been
My boyfriend got the baguette breakfast panini which was good, but he liked my sandwich better.
Instead they were passing a life float between them for fun, talking about picking girls up at the bar to the point my husband had to leave becauae he
He put up with my last minute changes the day of and was very creative in jump
Despite committing what both a judge and the Home Office described as a serious breach of trust, Harnault Hospice Kassi convinced an immigration tribunal that his
Recalling his first Test, McLeod recently
"Drax the Destroyer loves to curl up next to me when I read books, he also enjoys our local
The tech told me there was no solution, but that he noticed dog hair
 Anderson only attended film school for two days , preferring to learn the craft by watching films by the filmmakers he liked , as well as watching films accompanied by director 's audio commentary . Anderson has cited Martin Scorsese , Robert Altman , Jonathan <unk> , Stanley Kubrick , Orson Welles and Max <unk> , as his main
 Cullen was a standout with BU ; he was named the East Coast Athletic Conference Rookie of the Year in 1983 – 84 after leading his team in scoring with 56 points . The National Hockey League passed him over , however , as he went <unk> in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft . He was named to the Hockey East All @-@ Star Teams in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 , and a National Collegiate Athletic Association East Second Team All @-@ American in 1986 . He graduated as BU 's all @-@ time scoring leader with 241
 Stockwell is the past chairman and a trustee of the St Laurence 's Old Boys ' Foundation , which funds need @-@ based <unk> for boys whose families cannot otherwise afford the tuition and fees at his high school , St Laurence 's College . He is a Trustee of
 A June 1999 poll conducted by Gonzales / <unk> Communications Inc . , a polling firm based in Annapolis , Maryland , showed Schaefer ahead of Bell . Schaefer stated that he had no interest in running , and threw his support behind Bishop Robinson , the former <unk> Commissioner
Acclaimed Chef Michael Mina breaks new ground with the debut of STRIPSTEAK at Mandalay Bay, his first
 Green 's campaign to suppress desire , as one commentator called it , was not always popular , but he became one of London 's much @-@ loved <unk> . The Sunday Times interviewed him in 1985 , and his "
 The first modern computers were the massive code breaking machines of the Second World War ( such as <unk> , <unk> and <unk> ) . The latter two of these machines were based on the theoretical foundation laid by Alan Turing and developed by John von Neumann
My dad got
Several minutes passed before he
Our server was super amazing, he replaced the fish taco
I explained my issue and he had it fixed
Then he told me to continue to put tea tree oil on it.
 Kleine 's private lessons for Busch were also attended by Erich Bachmann , the son of a wealthy Ebergötzen <unk> . Both became friends , according to Busch the strongest friendship of his childhood . This friendship was echoed in the 1865 story Max and Moritz . A small pencil portrait by the 14 @-@ year @-@ old Busch depicted Bachmann as a <unk> , confident boy , and showed similarities with Max . Busch portrayed himself with a " <unk> " , in the later " Moritzian " <unk> style . 
The inquiry was shown emails sent in 2011 between Tinkler and senior executives at his property developer, Buildev, in which Tinkler raged at the Nationals for a perceived lack of progress on a coal loader he was
11083	What -LRB- Frei -RRB- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often
Not sure if he would have come by as he did if his other appointment took
 Purity of intention , which seeks to fulfill God 's will in everything , knowing that it alone will lead to the true end of man
 Because van der Weyden , like most of the early Netherlandish painters , was not rediscovered until the early 19th century , many of his works were
Bil Keane the comic strip writer is a big fan of Sugar Bowl and alot of his comics mention the place, so it's pretty cool a comic strip celebrates the awesomeness of this old
We'd brushed him out the night before but he could still use more combing, his hind legs/butt trimmed up
Man rescued from Taliban: I thought my captors were kidding when they said Trump
It was very refreshing to be helped in that way and because he showed such willingness
 In August 1941 , the 27th Brigade was sent to Malaya to reinforce the 22nd , which had been serving there in a garrison role since February , having been dispatched while the 2 / 4th Machine Battalion had been forming . With this , the only 2nd AIF troops remaining in Australia were those of the 23rd Brigade . As a result of concerns about Japanese intentions in the region , the decision was made to move the brigade north to bolster the defences around Darwin in the Northern Territory . In the event of fighting in the Pacific , the government planned to split infantry battalions , to defend the island chain to Australia ’ s north , dispatching forces to Rabaul , Ambon and Timor . The role of the corps troops from the 2 / 4th Pioneers and 2 / 4th Machine Gun Battalion remained uncertain . The 8th Division ’ s commander , Major General Gordon Bennett , unhappy with the dispersal of his command , had been <unk> for the dispatch of the machine gunners to Malaya to support his two infantry brigades , arguing that they would be valuable for beach defence . Bennett 's request had been rejected initially in March , due to the limited numbers of recruits enlisting but by mid @-@ September , elements at Army headquarters in Melbourne had also begun to advocate for it . In early October , following a War Cabinet decision to split the command of the 8th Division in two , removing the elements in Australia from Bennett 's command , the 2 / 4th Machine Gun Battalion received orders to move north to
 The legs are reddish brown , or sometimes yellowish , with the femora of the anterior ( first ) pair being darker and enlarged , especially in the male . The anterior legs have three pairs of long spines on the ventral surface of the tibia and two pairs of spines on the <unk> . The Peckhams give the following measurements for the lengths of the legs of a male specimen , starting with the anterior pair : 3 @.@ 7 mm , 2 @.@ 2 mm , 2 mm , 3 mm . In females , the fourth pair
 " Like ... Chopin " , writes pianist and academic Kenneth Hamilton , " Alkan 's musical output was centred almost exclusively on the piano " . Some of his music requires extreme technical virtuosity , clearly reflecting his own abilities , often calling for great velocity , enormous <unk> at speed , long stretches of fast repeated notes ,
 Although Hornung 's Australian experience was brief , it influenced most of his literary work from A Bride from the Bush published in 1899 , to Old <unk> and a Few Old Scores , which was published after his death . According to Chandler , " nearly two @-@ thirds of [ Hornung 's ] books refer in varying degrees to Australian incidents and experiences " , with " even Raffles " starting his criminal career in Australia . Some of <unk> 's works — such as A Bride from the Bush — were praised for their accuracy of detail in depicting the Australian environment , although the detail could overwhelm the storyline , as in The Rogue 's March . 
 Following his retirement , Zhou serves for a time as an advisor to General Liu <unk> ( <unk> ) , whose troops are garrisoned in Henan Province . But Zhou later becomes an outlaw himself after he aids the heroes of the Water Margin and is forced to flee from government forces . Meanwhile , he learns his elderly classmate Jin Tai is close to death and <unk> to Shaolin ( where the general had become a Buddhist monk after the murder of his family ) to pay his last respects . As the oldest of Tan 's pupils , Jin orders Zhou to find a talented youth to pass on all of his martial arts knowledge to . However , this reunion is cut short when the troops track him to Shaolin . He flees to Wine Spring mountain and lives in hiding for sometime before being invited
 Alkan 's later correspondence contains many <unk> comments . In a letter of about 1861 he wrote to Hiller : " I 'm becoming daily more and more <unk> and <unk> ... nothing worthwhile , good or useful to do ... no one to devote myself to . My situation makes me <unk> sad and <unk> . Even musical production has lost its attraction for me for I can 't see the point or goal . " This spirit of <unk> may have led him to reject requests in the 1860s to play in public , or to allow performances of his orchestral compositions . However , it should not be ignored that he was writing similarly
One teen vomited in the dining room on his way to
He was awesome
Kid ate a burger - thumbs up...we got out of there and up the road in the nick
The owner Craig is very fast efficient knowledgeable thank you so much for excellent resume I will definitely use him again
I'm conscious of what happened last season when we lost, said Pardew, who nearly lost his job
 During the following year Olivier concentrated on management , directing one production ( The <unk> ) , taking the comic role of the <unk> <unk> in <unk> 's Love for Love , and making one film , Bunny Lake is Missing , in which he and Coward were on the same bill for the first time since Private Lives . In 1966 , his one play as director was Juno and the <unk> . The Times commented that the
I spoke with the manager and he graciously cancelled without any attitude.
The owner has gone out of his way to ensure my food was well prepared and I was properly attended to.
But because I confirmed with him, he said it would take about
 He obtained a post as the Keeper of Archaeology at the National Museum of Wales , a job that also entailed becoming a lecturer in archaeology at the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire . Taking up this position , he moved to Cardiff with his family in August 1920 , although he initially disliked the city . The museum was in <unk> ; prior to the war , construction had begun on a new purpose @-@ built building
"2nd Update for ""My teenage son is being sexually
 In his memoirs , Larssen wrote that Monsen was " often aggressive " as editor @-@ in @-@ chief , especially when writing <unk> . He got several adversaries in the city 's conservative community , especially after donning a badge with the broken rifle , a well @-@ known
Never came around to ask if he wanted another drink
I don't care what anyone says, but this owner needs to learn the basics of having a business and that is customer service and keeping his
 Section 9 operatives develop a theory that a hacker known as the Puppeteer is responsible for Siak agents ' forced suicides and Togusa discovers sixteen kidnapped children who were intended carriers of the virus . All the children are listed as the children of Noble Rot Senior Citizens and Section 9 begins to suspect a larger conspiracy when they are part of a larger body of 20 @,@ 000 children . Soon afterwards , the Puppeteer causes the disappearance of the sixteen children and Batou reveals to Togusa that he believes Kusanagi to be the Puppeteer . Section 9 next <unk> a Siak sniper that is targeting the supposed mastermind of Ka Rum 's assassination . After his capture it
But he comes to power in a country polarised between Islamists (not
Actually there was no technician there and the guy who finally came to help
He also keeps licking his
My husband had the Angry Tiki and said that it seemed to have too much going on, but he ate all of it and thought it was still
I was actually very happy with this motel.Things didn't look promising at first.The man at the desk was about to downgrade me from what I'd booked.Had he done so I would have walked out.Thankfully , I got an upgrade for the same price.For some reason this motel has single queens in some rooms
He showed
 David Cameron criticised the Labour Government 's criminal justice system and the absence of father @-@ figures in ethnic minority cultures , which he claimed as causes in the murder of Pryce . Cameron stated that lack of strong deterrent sentences for knife crimes and the failure of police to stop prolific criminals had played a role in the killing of Pryce . He insisted that parental background had a key role in preventing crime and called for zero tolerance of knife crime ,
Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
That being said, my dad LOVES this place and thinks it's the only place worth eating breakfast
5795	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of
 Alkan 's earliest works indicate , according to Smith , that in his early teens he " was a formidable musician but as yet ... <unk> rather than ... creative " . Only with his 12 Caprices ( <unk> – 13 and 15 – 16 , 1837 ) did his compositions begin to attract serious critical attention . The op . 15 set , Souvenirs : Trois <unk> dans le genre <unk> , dedicated to Liszt , contains Le vent ( The Wind ) , which was at one time the only piece by the composer to figure regularly in recitals
It's self serve and boy did I help myself
 Strapping Young Lad began working on their next album , Alien , in March 2004 . Feeling that the band 's previous album did not live up to expectations , Townsend decided to take his music to a new extreme . To prepare for the new album , Townsend stopped taking the medication prescribed to treat his bipolar disorder . " I think that as an artist , in order for me to get to the next plateau , I kind of feel the need to explore things and sometimes that exploration leads you to places that are a little crazy , " he explains . " And Alien was no exception with that . " Although Townsend considered the album an " impenetrable mass of <unk> " , it was well received on its release , selling 3 @,@ 697 copies in its first week and appearing on
His imminent arival in the Premier League from Atlético Madrid may be piquing the interest of English supporters, but in truth that is a mere sub-plot to the dominant narrative involving Costa this summer: his return
What do I do? Father is sexually abusing my youngest sister (13)
Even talked to the Service Manager, he didn't care.
No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes!  Why didnt I get head
 In the early 1980s , Mosley represented FOCA in the " FISA @-@ FOCA War " , a conflict between FOCA , representing the mainly UK @-@ based independent teams , and FISA , which was supported by the " <unk> " constructors owned by road car manufacturers ( primarily Alfa Romeo , Ferrari and Renault ) . In 1981 , FOCA announced its own World Federation of Motor Sport and ran the non @-@ championship 1981 South African Grand Prix . The staging of this event , with worldwide television coverage , helped persuade Jean @-@ Marie Balestre , the FISA president , that FISA would have to negotiate a settlement with FOCA . As Mosley has since commented : " We were absolutely <unk> . If Balestre could have held the manufacturer 's support for a little bit longer , the constructors would have been on their knees . The outcome would then have been very different . " Mosley helped draw up the Concorde Agreement , a document which resolved the dispute by essentially giving FISA control of the rules and FOCA control of promotion and television rights . The most recent version of the Concorde Agreement expired on 31 December 2007 , and a new one was being discussed , as of 2008 . In 1982 , the year after the first Concorde Agreement was signed , Mosley left his role at FOCA , and Formula One , to work for the Conservative Party
 The rock supposedly found in the lake , said to be taken from the Park 's garden wall , has been challenged as evidence in multiple places . Both articles say that the police diver had no memory of recovering it , and he claimed that if he had found it , he would have placed it back . Professor Kenneth <unk> , a defense witness , said that there was no evidence that the rock had ever been on the lake bed at all . The article in the Sunday
 Harold Innis 's interest in the relationship between empires and colonies was developed in his classic study , The Fur Trade in Canada : An Introduction to Canadian Economic History ( 1930 ) . The book chronicles the trade in beaver fur from the early 16th century to the 1920s . Instead of focusing on the " heroic " European adventurers who explored the Canadian wilderness as conventional histories had done , Innis documents how the interplay of geography , technology and economic forces shaped both the fur trade and Canada 's political and economic destiny . He concludes that
Me, my wife and my 11 month old son (on my back), did the gateway loop.
He never made fun of anyone, except himself, so there is no need to be scared to sit up front like
 President Préval and government ministers used police headquarters near the Toussaint L 'Ouverture International Airport as their new base of operations , although their effectiveness was extremely limited ; several <unk> were still trapped in the Presidential Palace , and offices and records had been destroyed . Some high @-@ ranking government workers lost family members , or had to tend to wounded relatives . Although the president and his remaining cabinet met with UN planners each day , there remained confusion as to who was in charge
The new guy handling my account was the quintessential slimy car salesman...he'd ask me questions to seem
 Alice in Chains has received nine Grammy nominations . Their first nomination was for the song " Man in the Box " , nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1992 . The album Dirt was nominated in the same category in 1993 . Six more songs were nominated between 1995 and 2011 , and the album The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here was nominated for Best <unk> Album , Non Classical in 2014 .
I told him it will get better because he is actively working on it.
Remember that guy
 The Texas A & M Singing Cadets are a male choral group at Texas A & M University .
All guy waitors... i feel like a queen when i dine
He helped me
My lemon cake was awesome but his creme brulee was
We have known Dr Noorda about 15 years, and he is the most caring, professional, and kind orthodontist we could ever hope
 After the poor performance of galleys in Russo – Swedish war of 1741 – 43 and the <unk> War ( 1757 – 62 ) , development of replacements became <unk> . During the <unk> War , trials had been made with " gun prams " ( <unk> ) , heavily armed , oar @-@ driven , flat @-@ bottomed barges with a shallow draft that carried guns in broadside arrangements . The prams carried more guns than the galleys , but proved far too slow to be effective . Augustin Ehrensvärd argued for new archipelago vessels that combined firepower , maneuverability , <unk> , and decent crew accommodations . He began a successful collaboration with <unk> Fredrik Henrik Chapman ( <unk> " <unk> Chapman " in 1772 ) , and together they developed five new vessels : a gunboat with a 12 @-@ pounder gun and a schooner rigging , as well
He said that the Government should follow the
All they were interested in telling him is that there
 Since 1993 , the proportion of lbws in each English season has risen steadily . According to cricket historian Douglas Miller , the percentage of lbw dismissals increased after broadcasters incorporated ball @-@ tracking technology such as Hawk @-@ Eye into their television coverage of matches . Miller writes : " With the passage of time and the adoption of <unk> into other sports , together with presentations demonstrating its accuracy , cricket followers seem gradually to have accepted its predictions . Replay analyses have shown that a greater proportion of balls striking an <unk> leg go on to hit the wicket than had once been expected . " He also suggests that umpires have been influenced by such evidence ; their greater understanding of which deliveries are likely to hit the stumps has made them more likely to rule out batsmen who are standing further away from the stumps . This trend is replicated in international cricket , where the increasing use of technology in reviewing decisions has altered the attitude of umpires .
Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
Mr Clifford, 70, from Hersham, Surrey, is giving evidence for the first time in his trial at Southwark Crown Court.
 In the early years of World War II between 1939 and 1941 , Wigner led the Princeton group in a series of experiments involving uranium and two tons of graphite as a neutron <unk> . In early 1942 , Arthur Compton concentrated the Manhattan Project 's various teams working on plutonium and nuclear reactor design , including Wigner 's team from Princeton , at the Metallurgical Laboratory at the University of Chicago . The name was a <unk> ; Creutz was the first to conduct actual metallurgy research , and he hired its first <unk> to work with him . 
Not to mention, the bites and bubbles menu at Guy Savoy we
 In 1954 , the tour company <unk> Swan invited Wheeler to provide lectures on the archaeology of ancient Greece aboard their Hellenic cruise line , which he did in 1955 . In 1957 , he then gave a guided tour of the archaeology of the Indian subcontinent for the rival tour company <unk> and <unk> . After Swans appointed him to the position of chairman of their Hellenic Cruise division , he made two fortnight tours a year , in spring and summer . In late 1969 he conducted the Swans tour to the Indian subcontinent , visiting the south and east of the republic as well as Ceylon . During this period , Wheeler had kept in contact with many of his
"D.C., Md. attorneys general to sue Trump, saying foreign payments to his businesses violate
I am really not sure how his mental error became my problem but it seems
I took my art to 6 artests, he
 During his 1904 campaign to be elected governor , Napoleon Bonaparte Broward promised to drain the Everglades , and his later projects were more effective than Disston 's . Broward 's promises sparked a land boom facilitated by blatant errors in an engineer 's
I believed him without checking and learned later that I would've
He gave us the premium drinks for
his side of mac
 The oral legends and texts initiate a process of <unk> of the folk deity Khandoba by elevating him to the classical Hindu god Shiva ; his two principal wives Mhalsa and Banai are equated to Parvati and Ganga . Banai does not appear in the Sanskrit <unk> <unk> , the main scripture related to Khandoba , however it mentions Ganga arriving from heaven . Banai ( Ganga ) has a
 According to Rowson , White 's first advantage is that , " The advantage of the first move has some similarities with the serve in tennis in that White can score an ' ace ' ( for instance with a powerful opening novelty ) , he has more control over the pace and direction of the game , and he has a ' second serve ' in that when things go wrong his position is not usually losing . " Second , White begins the game with some initiative , although Rowson regards this as a psychological rather than a positional advantage , " and whether it leads to a positional advantage depends on the relative skill of the players . " Third , some players are able to use the initiative to " play a kind of powerful
Of course, when he did come by we got hear all about how he was an extra in a movie... that overshare cost him on the
 Tynan remarked to Olivier , " you aren 't really a contemplative or philosophical actor " ; Olivier was known for the strenuous <unk> of his performances in some roles . He told Tynan this was because he was influenced as a young man by Douglas <unk> , Ramon Navarro and John Barrymore in films , and Barrymore on stage as Hamlet : " <unk> athletic . I admired that greatly , all of us did . ... One thought of oneself
 Keith had suggested that the <unk> he examined displayed similar features , which he attributed to the different individuals belonging to " one family - or several families united by common descent . " Similar observations had been made regarding the <unk> from other long barrows in Britain , although <unk> Martin
After leading the United States through Group G, Jürgen Klinsmann has completed his German revolution of the
Guy
 Wiśniowiecki has made appearances in more recent media . He was the main subject of one of <unk> <unk> 's 1993 songs <unk> <unk> <unk> ( The <unk> of <unk> <unk> ) . Andrzej <unk> played Jeremi Wiśniowiecki in the 1999 film With Fire and Sword .
 Chris <unk> of Official Nintendo Magazine said that " if you 've played [ Broken Sword ] , the words ' the goat puzzle ' will probably make you break out in a cold <unk> . " Geoff Thew of Hardcore Gamer wrote that Broken Sword was known for " intricate , challenging puzzles ( some <unk> so ) . " The puzzle appeared on Computer and Video Games ' 2011 feature , " Gaming 's hardest puzzles " . In 2012 , it was listed on <unk> 's " 5 Crazy <unk> and <unk> Video Game <unk> " . During a classic <unk> for The Shadow of the Templars at the European Game Developers Conference in August 2014 , when Cecil brought up the topic of difficult puzzles , a member of the audience shouted " That fucking goat ! " ; laughter ensued , and Cecil added : " It was very unfair , and it was absolutely <unk> . " He also continued , claiming he knew he had " made it " when a taxi driver once questioned him about his occupation : upon finding out he had written Broken Sword the driver exclaimed
The order to remove the bodies was justified and had unfortunate consequences that could not have been foreseen at the time, Kennett's chief of staff, major - now colonel - Jonathan Biggart, told the inquiry earlier
As the final whistle blew, he turned to Sam Warburton and Gethin Jenkins, who were
Once everything got going, there was a new guy learning concrete and Vince was very outgoing in helping train the new guy and
 Dylan 's longtime road manager Victor <unk> has claimed that the singer quit drinking alcohol in 1994 . <unk> felt that Dylan sobering up made him " more <unk> and
Apparently they knew each other since the manager was frequently chatting with him while working on my transaction.
 Calvert took an interest in the British colonization of the Americas , at first for commercial reasons and later to create a refuge for English Catholics . He became the proprietor of Avalon , the first sustained English settlement on the southeastern peninsula on the island of Newfoundland ( off the eastern coast of modern Canada ) . <unk> by its cold and sometimes inhospitable climate and the <unk> of the settlers , Sir George looked for a more suitable spot further south and sought a new royal charter to settle the region , which would become the state of Maryland . Calvert died five weeks before the new Charter was sealed , leaving the settlement of the Maryland colony to his son Cecil , ( 1605 @-@ <unk> ) . His second son Leonard Calvert , ( <unk> @-@ 1647 ) , was the first colonial governor of the Province of Maryland . Historians have long recognized George
He was unable to get
I didn't like any part of that process, he recalls.
 David Michael Sisler ( October 16 , 1931 – January 9 , 2011 ) was a professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) from 1956 through 1962 . Early in his career , Sisler was a starter , then later was used as a middle reliever and occasionally as a closer . He reached the majors in 1956 with the Boston Red Sox after he completed a two @-@ year obligation in the active military . After three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half seasons with the Red Sox , he was traded to the Detroit Tigers in 1959 and served the team through the 1960 season . Before the 1961 season , he was selected by the Washington Senators in the 1960 Major League Baseball expansion draft ,
1704	Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers
 The abilities of Ali fascinated the public and medical authorities . As reported in a 1928 <unk> Press article , at one of Ali 's acts a number of doctors attended and thoroughly examined him during the performance . They came away satisfied that he was actually <unk> and <unk> the material and objects as claimed , but remained " <unk> over his extraordinary performance . " According to an article appearing in the <unk> Daily News , " <unk> of three continents have puzzled over the <unk> mechanism of this human ostrich without success . X @-@ ray experiments have been made during his exhibition without a plausible explanation forthcoming that <unk> the critical , in fact , the profession of surgery has thrown up its hands in
 Torres has been described as having " an eye for the spectacular and is capable of world @-@ class skill " and being a " technically proficient , highly successful striker " . He has the ability to find himself in goalscoring positions , using his pace
The website is maintained by some dude named Gus (I guess he is an employee and/or web designer), and contains about as
4082	Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their
Now he tells me that to get the sale price
 Lennon and Ono co @-@ produced the song and album with Phil Spector , who commented on the track : " We knew what we were going to do ... It was going to be John making a political statement , but a very commercial one as well ... I always thought that ' Imagine ' was like the national anthem . " Lennon described his working arrangement with Ono and Spector : " Phil doesn 't arrange or anything like that — [ Ono ] and Phil will just sit
I don't know who hired the brew master, but they need to seriously drop the guy or
 Captain Video and His Video Rangers , a hugely
Our server was helpful and cool and he had a team of backups to help him out,
I am a burger guy for sure, so I ordered
My son loves
 The 1930s and 1940s brought much change to the Island City . During World War II , the Galveston Municipal Airport , predecessor to <unk> International Airport , was re @-@ designated a U.S. Army Air Corps base and named " Galveston Army Air Field " . In January 1943 , Galveston Army Air Field was officially activated with the 46th <unk> Group serving an anti @-@ submarine role in the Gulf of Mexico . In 1942 , William Lewis Moody , Jr . , along with his wife <unk> <unk> Rice Moody ,
His Google review diverges greatly from yelp;
Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him
My husband commented that he would like to return soon to have a full
He added: Diving is an extremely popular pastime on the island and it attracts a lot of people.
 Nathan had a strong first season with the Rangers , as he was selected to the represent the Rangers at the 2012 MLB All Star Game , the fifth all star selection of his career . He finished his 2012 campaign with 37 saves and an ERA
Unfortunately, I forget our servers name but he was really cool and made us feel relaxed and even had our salad split because we said we wanted to
 In a surprise to many observers , Saprang was promoted to 3rd Army Area Commander in October 2005 , headquartered in <unk> and responsible most of northern and northeastern Thailand . Analysts had expected Prime Minister Thaksin to promote his own classmates from <unk> Class 10 to the powerful position instead
He makes sure he has clean hands at all
I came here with my brother and his friend while I was visiting from out of town.
8110	For the most part , I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised
 Rowson gives the following example of Black <unk> White from the Symmetrical Variation of the English Opening . He remarks , " there
 After the defeat of several Song armies in the north , Emperor Qinzong wanted to negotiate a truce with the Jin , but he committed a massive strategic <unk> when he commanded his remaining armies to protect <unk> cities instead of Kaifeng . <unk> the importance of the capital , he left Kaifeng defended with fewer than 100 @,@ 000 soldiers . The Song forces were dispersed throughout China , powerless to stop the second Jurchen siege of the city .
Mr Binskin's wife Jackie said Hurricane was a very inconsiderate partner who is happy to get Isobel pregnant, then seems to think that his job is done.
The meeting will be Francis's first chance to be more specific with Americans about how he feels their
When I asked to speak to manager about being given wrong info for times, he was dismissive and didn't even offer to complete our
 The story is told in the form of a series of interviews conducted by the narrator , Max Brooks , an agent of the United Nations Postwar Commission . Although the exact origin of the plague is unknown , a young boy from a village in China is identified as the plague 's official patient zero .
PETAH TIKVA, Israel (AP) -- When the Israeli women's soccer team Hapoel Petah Tikva lost a number of its players to Israel's national team ahead of World Cup qualifiers, founder Rafi Subra made a decision that sets the team apart from many of its rivals -- he recruited from the Arab villages
The couple sued the hospital and the consultants following the death of Senan two days after he was born at the hospital on March 28,
 On August 29 , 2006 , Dylan released his Modern Times album . Despite some <unk> of Dylan 's voice ( a critic for The Guardian characterised his singing on the album as " a <unk> death <unk> " ) most reviewers praised the album , and many described it as the final installment of a successful trilogy , embracing Time Out of Mind and " Love and Theft " . Modern Times entered the U.S. charts at number one , making it Dylan 's first album to reach that position since 1976 's Desire . The New York Times published an article
First of all, Im so sorry about my father
I ate more of it than my son did because I couldn't help myself!
He offered to have the regional manager call me,
The Czech, however, has only managed three more wins at the slams since his stunning victory over
 Odaenathus was described as Roman senator in the undated tomb inscription and Hairan I was mentioned with the same title in the 251 inscription . <unk> opinions vary on the exact date of Odaenathus ' elevation to the position ; <unk> and Jean <unk> maintain that the <unk> rank predates the Ras elevation . <unk> Hartmann concludes that Odaenathus first became a Ras in the 240s then a senator in 250 . Another possibility is that the <unk> rank and lordship occurred simultaneously ; Odaenathus was chosen as a Ras following Gordian 's death , then after Philip the Arab concluded a peace with the Persians , the emperor ratified Odaenathus ' lordship and admitted him to the <unk> to
It was great there was a super nice guy giving out samples as we went in, or I wouldn't have tried them
Threw it away and walked in, other guard grabs me strongly by the arm and pulls me to the other side of the rope telling me he didn't let me in.
While working on the We're Alive photo shoot, I got to see them in action with the other actors as well as being in front of his lens myself.
4547	Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie
He made the entire experience exciting for us and didn't make us feel like any of our questions were stupid (mine).
However, he agreed that my dish was definitely
 Beer 's first keyboard instructor was Franz <unk> , a pupil of Johann Georg <unk> and a favoured teacher at the Berlin court . Beer also became one of <unk> <unk> 's pupils while <unk> was in Berlin . The boy made his public debut in 1801 playing Mozart 's D minor Piano Concerto in Berlin . The <unk> <unk> Zeitung reported : ' The amazing keyboard playing of young <unk> ( a Jewish lad of 9 ) , who carried off the difficult passages and other solo parts with <unk> , and has fine powers of rendition even more rarely found in one of his age , made
We saw the Sax Man last night and he
 Khánh 's quartet of delegates responded to Taylor in a <unk> way . They remained calm and did not resort to direct confrontation . Kỳ said the change was necessary , as " the political situation is worse than it ever was under Diệm " . Kỳ explained that the situation mandated the dissolution of the council , saying " We know you want stability , but you cannot have stability until you have Unity . " He claimed some HNC members were <unk> coup rumors and creating doubt among the population , and that " both military and civilian leaders regard the presence of these people in the High National Council as divisive of the Armed Forces due to their influence " . Kỳ further accused some of the HNC members of being communist sympathizers and <unk> who wanted to stop the military from strengthening . He promised to explain the decision at a media conference and vowed that he and his colleagues would return to purely military roles in the near future . Thiệu added "
2084	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
He brought us two ice-cold bottled waters,
"Me (22F) had a fight with my (21M) boyfriend, then he just
8800	Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to
He did such an excellent job and took his time making sure my nails looked great- which
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute!
 After the deaths of drivers <unk> Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , worldwide media attention focused on the charismatic triple @-@ world champion Senna , rather than Ratzenberger , a virtual unknown driving for the minor Simtek team . Mosley did not go to Senna 's funeral , but attended that of Ratzenberger . In a press conference 10 years later Mosley said , " I went to his funeral because everyone went to Senna 's . I thought it was important that somebody went to his . " In the aftermath of the deaths , and a number of other serious accidents , Mosley announced the formation of the Advisory Expert Group chaired by Professor Sid Watkins , to research and improve safety in motor racing . Watkins , who learned of his new role by hearing Mosley announce it on the
In keeping with the effect-and-cause argument, he insists that Benefits Street illustrates how benefits create ghettos, as if economic ghettos had never before
 A negative review came from The Independent 's Andy Gill who considered " Shampain " and " Hermit the Frog " as " every bit as annoying as their <unk> titles , with <unk> , <unk> piano and synth figures " . He found certain vocal techniques in " Mowgli 's Road " and " I Am Not a Robot " to be " <unk> "
 After progressing through the ranks , Torres won his first important
He seemed genuinely grateful for my compliments and thanked
He said 'No', those were for people who bought the $5 wash.
 The Catechism classifies scandal under the fifth commandment and defines it as " an attitude or behavior which leads another to do evil " . In the Gospel of Matthew , Jesus stated , " <unk> causes one of these little ones who believe in me to sin , it would be better for him to have a great <unk> <unk> round his neck and to be
 On October 18 , 2010 , Dylan released Volume 9 of his Bootleg Series , The <unk> <unk> . This comprised 47 demo recordings of songs taped between 1962 and 1964 for Dylan 's earliest music publishers : Leeds Music in 1962 , and <unk> Music from 1962 to 1964 . One reviewer described the set as " a <unk> glimpse of young Bob Dylan changing the music business , and the world , one note at a time . " The critical aggregator website Metacritic awarded the album a <unk> of 86 , indicating " universal acclaim " . In the same week , Sony Legacy released Bob Dylan : The Original <unk> Recordings , a box set that for the first time presented Dylan 's eight earliest albums , from Bob Dylan ( 1962 ) to John Wesley Harding ( 1967 ) , in their original <unk> mix in the CD format . The CDs were housed in
 The final objective was Maryang San , a steep hill rising 200 metres ( 660 ft ) above the valley about 2 @,@ 500 metres ( 2 @,@ 700 yd ) north of Hill 355 . However , following the delay in capturing Hill 355 , Hassett would not be ready to implement his plan until early the next day . As
He worked with me
The owner is very cool, and makes sure his GYM is always
When the roll came in front of us we told the sushi chef about him not washing his has we left because we were so
Trump says he 'met with the president of the Virgin Islands'
2071	It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot ,
Another awesome thing is after every procedure he does, he gives you a follow up call the evening to make sure all is good!
He recommended just the right pairing of a full bodied Chilean
 Colin Jacobson at DVD Movie Guide said in a review of the sixth season DVD that it was " another show I didn ’ t recall fondly but that works exceedingly well . I hadn ’ t realized how many quotes I ’ ve stolen from this one : the name ' Guy <unk> ' , the dog with the <unk> tail , ' a burden coupled with a <unk> ' . The show makes little sense in regard to continuity since Marge has flown during prior shows , but it ’ s consistently very funny and entertaining . " The Phoenix
"Teacher called my friend a ""loser"" on Facebook and said ""Asians like him have a small penis.""
Next was the issue of trying to schedule delivery of the unit to his home.
In December, my boyfriend had begun to look for some advice and appraisals on a diamond that was his grandmother's and happened
 The General in His Labyrinth ( original Spanish title : El general en su laberinto ) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez . It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Simón Bolívar , liberator and leader of Gran Colombia . First published in 1989 , the book traces Bolívar 's final journey from Bogotá to the Caribbean coastline of Colombia in his attempt to leave South America for exile in Europe . In this dictator novel about a continental hero , " despair , sickness , and death inevitably win out over love , health , and life " . Breaking with the traditional heroic portrayal of Bolívar El <unk> , García Márquez depicts a pathetic protagonist , a prematurely aged man who is physically ill and mentally exhausted . The story explores the labyrinth of
 At 15 : 15 Lalor left the defence of The Nek to a platoon that had arrived as reinforcements , and moved his company to Baby 700 . There he joined a group from the 2nd Battalion , commanded by Lieutenant Leslie <unk> . Lalor was killed soon afterwards . The left flank of Baby 700 was now held by sixty men , the remnants of several units , commanded by a corporal . They had survived five charges by the Turks between 07 : 30 and 15 : 00 ; after the last charge the Australians were ordered to withdraw through The Nek . There , a company from the Canterbury Battalion had just arrived , with their commanding officer Lieutenant @-@ Colonel Douglas Stewart . By 16 : 00 the New Zealand companies had formed a defence line on Russell 's Top . On Baby 700 , there was on the left <unk> 's and Lalor 's men , and at the top of Malone 's <unk> were the survivors of the 2nd Battalion and some men from the 3rd Brigade . On the right were the men left from the Auckland companies , and a mixed group from the 1st , 2nd , 11th and 12th Battalions . Once Stewart 's men were secure , he ordered <unk> to withdraw . During a Turkish artillery bombardment of The Nek , Stewart was killed . The artillery heralded the start of a Turkish counter @-@ attack ; columns of troops appeared
 Cullen was born in <unk> @-@ Ontario on August 2 , 1964 . He is one of six children of Barry and <unk> Cullen . His father and <unk> Brian and Ray all played
 After his death , the memory of Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman was honored by friends and family members
The host was kind of lounging couldn't tell if he worked there or just a guy sitting in a
To be fair, he didn't
 When the time came to begin You Only Live Twice , the producers were faced with the problem of a disenchanted star . Sean Connery had stated that he was tired of playing James Bond and all of the associated commitment ( time spent filming and <unk> each movie ) , together with finding it difficult to do other work , which would potentially lead to <unk> . Saltzman and Broccoli were able to persuade Connery by increasing his fee for the film , but geared up to look for a replacement .
 In late @-@ September and early @-@ October — even while continuing the attack against Heartbreak Ridge — Van Fleet developed a plan for a limited offensive in the western section , known as Operation Commando , to advance 10 kilometres ( 6 @.@ 2 mi ) north of the 38th parallel , with the aim of pushing Chinese forces back and giving United Nations forces more leverage at the truce negotiations now occurring at <unk> . Operation Commando was scheduled for 3 – 5 October 1951 and the US I Corps commander , Lieutenant General John W. O <unk> , envisioned
 Max Verstappen won the race upon his debut for his new team Red Bull , having <unk> his Toro Rosso seat with Daniil Kvyat ahead of the event . At the age of 18 years and 228 days , Verstappen became the youngest ever winner , the youngest driver to score a podium finish and the youngest ever to lead a lap of a Formula One race , breaking the previous records held by Sebastian Vettel . In the process he also became the first Dutchman to win a Grand Prix . Both Mercedes drivers retired from the race following a collision with each other on the first lap , thus marking the first
He inserted 16 of them from my neck to
 John Walsh also visited it , for The Independent , after the restaurant arrived in London ,
 A few weeks after Of Human Feelings was recorded , Mwanga went to Japan to negotiate a deal with Trio Records to have the album released on <unk> Text . Trio , who had previously released a compilation of Coleman 's 1966 to 1971 live performances in Paris , prepared to press the album once Mwanga provided the label with the record <unk> . Coleman was also set to perform his song " Skies of America " with the <unk> Symphony Orchestra , but cancelled both deals upon Mwanga 's return from Japan . Mwanga immediately quit after less than four months as Coleman 's manager . In 1981 , Coleman hired Stan and Sid Bernstein as his managers , who sold the album 's recording tapes to Island Records . He signed with the record label that year , and Of Human Feelings was released in 1982 on Island 's subsidiary jazz
The manager would not even show him self.
Good thing I understand it is not that poor sales guy fault he works for such terrible company and send him on his way.
But no: Chandler is in an accident and cant perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer
 Wheeler was present during the 1947 Partition of India into the Dominion of Pakistan and the Union of India and the accompanying ethnic violence between Hindu and Muslim communities . He was unhappy with how these events had affected the Archaeological Survey , complaining that some of his finest students and staff were now citizens of Pakistan and no longer able to work for him . He was based in New Delhi when the city was <unk> by sectarian violence , and attempted to help many of his Muslim staff members escape from the Hindu @-@ majority city unharmed . He further helped smuggle Muslim families out of the city hospital , where they had taken refuge from a violent Hindu mob . As India neared independence from the British Empire , the political situation had changed significantly ; by October 1947 he was one of
We were greeted warmly by Jorge and he went on to tell us all about the new bags and fashion
5608	Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at
The guy did my gel nails they don't look professional I know they won't last!
5517	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent
I'm hooked on his new orange shock if your a blue moon or shock top person like I am i recommend
 The elimination of the usurpers left Odaenathus as the most powerful leader in the Roman east ; he was
History backs up his argument.
 The action was considered a defeat by the Admiralty and was not reported in the London Gazette . The British naval authorities were particularly disturbed by rumours that began to circulate concerning the death of Captain Corbet and the behaviour of his crew during the battle . <unk> among these rumours was the suggestion that Corbet had been murdered by his disaffected crew : historian William James wrote in 1827 that " There are many who will insist , that Captain Corbett 's [ sic ] death @-@ wound was inflicted by one of his own people . " although he goes on to point out the <unk> of Corbet being shot by one of his own cannon . He gives more <unk> to the story that Corbet committed suicide to avoid the shame of defeat , that he " cut the bandages from his amputated limb , and suffered himself to bleed to death . " This story was also alluded to in Edward Pelham Brenton 's 1825 history : " Corbet did not ( we fear would not ) survive his capture " . The truth of Corbet 's end will never be known with certainty , although James ultimately concludes that Corbet 's wound was almost certainly a
 After Kingdom Hearts II : Final Mix was released , Nomura wanted to expand Roxas ' role in the series to explain the events between his birth and his disappearance from Organization XIII . For Kingdom Hearts 358 / 2 Days , the staff thought that Roxas ' role as a member of the group would be a suitable theme for the plot . Roxas was chosen as the game 's protagonist as the staff thought that having a main character besides Sora would help to introduce gamers to the series ' first Nintendo DS title . Co @-@ director <unk> <unk> explained that Roxas ' height was originally lower and as the game continued development , the staff decided to increase it . Nomura desired to portray Roxas ' activities different from Sora 's . In Sora 's games , he is on a journey around the worlds , while Roxas always returns to Organization XIII after each mission . The staff constructed Roxas ' interactions with the Disney characters to be different from Sora 's as the Organization was meant to be secret in the game 's story . Nomura told the writers that he wanted Roxas to learn something from each of his missions or just to have something to think about . Nomura later clarified that Roxas ' personality was different from the one portrayed in Kingdom Hearts II as he does not actively attempt to come into contact with other characters . With Kingdom Hearts 358 / 2 Days , Nomura wanted to reveal why Roxas left Organization XIII . Although Nomura found it to be a sad story it , he considered Zack Fair 's ending in Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII more tragic . His last words in the game were also Nomura 's most significant ones from the title as he wanted it to connect to Kingdom Hearts II 's first scene , which is actually the same scene . Uchiyama expressed sadness when the game ended development as he would not play the
2909	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
Il faut choisir son
 The <unk> Choir – backing vocals and clapping on " The Black Hawk War , or , How to <unk> an Entire Civilization and Still Feel Good About Yourself in the Morning , or , We <unk> for the <unk> but You 're Going to Have to Leave Now , or , ' I Have <unk> the Big <unk> and Will <unk> to Fight Them Until They Are Off Our Lands ! ' " , " Chicago " , " The Man of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts " , " They Are Night Zombies ! ! They Are Neighbors ! ! They Have Come Back from the Dead ! ! Ahhhh
Villagers might have hoped their local MP - famous for once taking his nanny electioneering - would pitch in and offer
He is honest, thorough and explains things in detail.
 Gary uses the novel as a vehicle to denounce both racism and the activists supporting African @-@ American rights , including his own ex @-@ wife and Marlon Brando . He also examines whether human responses to situations , including racism , are learned social behavior and whether they can be <unk> . In 1981 , it was adapted into the controversial film of the same name , in which director Samuel Fuller made various changes to the novel 's story to focus more on the dog and present a more pessimistic ending than the original novel . The film 's American release after negative press
On March 15th my husband & I decided to celebrate his
 Shiban began crafting his story by <unk> a nanobot plot that had been considered by various writers for several seasons . Shiban and the rest of the writers made it a point to give Alex Krycek control over Skinner . In this manner , Skinner once again became a mysterious character , one whose true loyalties were being tested . Shiban noted that , " [ Krycek 's control ] gives Skinner an agenda that Mulder doesn 't know about [ ... ] Which was something we ultimately used again in the <unk> [ sic ] , and will carry us into next year
All six original Mega Man games are now on the Play Store, and yup, they're terrible
He kept insisting and I told him to get the police while I'm on
He was such a great server and a nice guy!
He came back, and affirmed that they couldn't put avocado on my salad unless they charged an extra $2.00.
What we'd like to understand is the real risk of transmission in urban centres like Brisbane and Sydney, he
Before I realized he had even seen my car, he was in the lobby explaining the
4057	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted
 " The Stolen Eagle " received generally mixed reviews from television critics , many of whom criticized its slow pace . Mark A. <unk> of The Boston Herald wrote , " Less <unk> than I , Claudius , more entertaining than American Broadcasting Company 's ( ABC ) <unk> <unk> Empire , " Rome " gets off to an uneven start . " Terry Morrow of the Dayton Daily News criticized the premiere , writing that " the opener , like most pilots , is so bogged down with introducing faces and setting up the story that it turns into a long and tedious journey . " Morrow also said the episode suffered from lacking one " standout , signature character " , though he believed that the
 McCall was a box @-@ to @-@ box midfielder characterised by his <unk> running , tackling and also weighing in with an average of one goal every 11 games . Despite his position in the middle of the park he was rarely suspended and was sent off just once in his career – in the final minute of a 2 – 0 defeat to Charlton Athletic on 4 November 2000 . He also had a never @-@ say @-@ die attitude proven by a number of key late goals including his equaliser which sent the 1989 FA Cup Final into extra @-@ time , and a 93rd @-@ minute equaliser against Tottenham Hotspur during Bradford 's difficult start to their Premier League campaign in the 1999 – 2000 season .
 In 2013 , Todd <unk> , <unk> Napoleon , Justin Vance , Anita Manning and others began the process of creating a historical documentary about the individual experiences and stories of Hawaii @-@ born soldiers and sailors of the American Civil War , including Pitman , Samuel C. Armstrong , Nathaniel Bright Emerson , James Wood Bush , J. R. <unk> and many other unnamed combatants of both the Union and the Confederacy . In 2014 , Maui @-@ based author Wayne <unk> wrote a fictionalized story based on the lives and Civil War service of Hawaiian soldiers like Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman in his book <unk> : A Hawaiian in
He then waited in line for an hour for them to tell him he couldn't check
Had their walnut shrimp, chow mein, fried rice, spicy garlic shrimp and the boyfriend had spicy season chickens wings which he said
 Ha ' K 'in Xook , who has also been referred to as Ruler 6 , was likely the son of Itzam K 'an Ahk II , based on a translation of Stela 23 . According to both Simon Martin and <unk> Grube , as well as Johnson , Ha ' K 'in Xook 's name translates to " Water Sun Shark " . Of note , his name does not feature a turtle glyph , a feature found in all the previous rulers of Piedras Negras , as well as his successor . He ascended the throne on February 14 , 767 AD ( 9 @.@ 16 @.@ 16 @.@ 0 @.@ 4 , 7 K 'an 17 Pop in the Long Count ) , following the death of his brother Yo 'nal Ahk
He was made an OBE in 1962 and was inducted
 At 08 : 30 Robertson and Lalor decided to take their companies up Baby 700 . Instead of going round to the right like Tulloch , they went straight up the centre , crossed over the summit onto the northern slope and went to ground . A spur on their left , leading to Suvla Bay , was defended by a Turkish trench system . At 09 : 15 Turkish troops started moving down Battleship Hill , and for the next hour they exchanged fire . Where the spur joined Baby 700 , a group of Australians from the 9th , 11th , and 12th Battalions crossed Malone 's Gully and charged the Turkish trench . A Turkish machine @-@ gun on Baby 700 opened fire on them , forcing them back , followed by a general withdrawal of Australian troops . The Turks had secured Battleship Hill and were now driving the Australians off Baby 700 . From his headquarters at the head of Monash Valley , Maclagen could see the Turks attacking
He always goes to bat for us and I have always appreciated his honesty and trust
10098	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his
I look forward to coming into Montreal again 1 day ,perhaps I will go to Moishes,maybe I will go with Angelo if his wife lets him.
8714	Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so
He then told me have a good day and hung
I took him back to All Dogs Go To Bev, without calling and they happily took him in and
 Cresswell joined First Division club Preston North End on loan for the remainder of the 2000 – 01 season on 10 March 2001 and scored five minutes into his debut , a 2 – 0 win at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers on 14 March . He came on as an 82nd minute substitute in their 3 – 0 defeat to Bolton Wanderers in the 2001 First Division play @-@ off Final at the Millennium Stadium on 28 May 2001 . After scoring two goals in 14 appearances he signed for Preston permanently
 Over the field seasons of 1924 and 1925 , Wheeler ran excavations of the Roman fort of Y <unk> near <unk> , a project aided by his wife and two archaeological students , <unk> Myres and Christopher Hawkes . During this project , he was visited by the prominent Egyptologist Sir Flinders Petrie and his wife Hilda Petrie ; Wheeler greatly admired Petrie 's emphasis on strong archaeological methodologies . Wheeler published the results of his excavation in The Roman Fort Near <unk> . He then began excavations at <unk> Augusta , a Roman site in <unk> , where he focused on revealing the Roman amphitheatre . Intent on attracting press attention to both raise public awareness of archaeology and attract new sources of funding , he contacted the press and organised a sponsorship of the excavation by the middle @-@ market newspaper the Daily Mail . In doing so , he emphasised the <unk> and legendary associations that the site had with King Arthur . In 1925 , Oxford University Press published Wheeler 's first book for a general audience ,
Yeah, well hed prefer water colors, but y'know, he has
 After viewing the completed 25 @-@ minute pilot , " <unk> in the Sky " , Lew Grade was so impressed by APF 's work that he instructed Anderson to double the episode length and increased the series ' budget per episode from £ 25 @,@ 000 to £ 38 @,@ 000 . As a result , Thunderbirds became not only the company 's longest and highest @-@ budgeted production , but also among the most expensive TV series to have been made up to that point . The crew , who had been filming at a rate of two 25 @-@ minute episodes per fortnight , faced significant challenges during the transition to the new format : eight episodes had already been completed , scripts for up to ten more had been written , and substantial <unk> would be necessary to satisfy the longer running time . Anderson lamented : " Our time @-@ scale was far too drawn
 Protesters in Boston , Los Angeles , Pittsburgh , Toronto , Edinburgh , London , and other cities worldwide , wore Guy Fawkes masks modeled after the 2005 film V for Vendetta . ( Guy Fawkes was an English Catholic executed for a 1605 attempt to destroy the House of Lords . In V for Vendetta , a rebel against a near @-@ future fascist regime uses the mask in his public appearances and distributes many of its copies to the population to enable mass protests . The Boston Globe characterized usage of the Guy Fawkes masks as " an allusion to the British insurgent and a film depicting an <unk> movement " . Aaron <unk> of College Times wrote that the Guy Fawkes masks provided a " dramatic effect " to the protests , and Nick <unk> of The <unk> Weekly wrote : " During the February 10 protests , Anonymous was <unk> , Anonymous was peaceful , and Anonymous was effective . After seeing all of the pictures from the 10th with everyone in disguise
 Josce was married to Sybil , the widow of Pain fitzJohn , who died in 1137 . Sybil had held Ludlow Castle against Stephen in 1139 , but surrendered after a siege . Ludlow was an important strategic stronghold for control of the Welsh Borders , and Stephen decided to marry Pain 's widow to someone he felt was trustworthy . Upon his marriage Josce also acquired control of the castle , built in the late 11th century . Josce probably also received many of the de Lacy family 's holdings in southern Shropshire , but he rebelled against Stephen and fortified Ludlow against the king . Josce 's position was so strong that when Stephen granted much of the surrounding lands to Robert de Beaumont , Earl of Leicester , Ludlow was specifically <unk> . Stephen told Robert that he would have a royal grant of the castle if he could secure Josce 's
He not only tends to my (often scared
 In 1909 , the South @-@ African paleontologist Robert Broom visited the collection of the British Museum of Natural History . He concluded that Owen had mixed the partial distorted skull , teeth , and a mandible of a pareiasaur and a partial upper jaw of a dinosaur BMNH
 Frederick Reines ( <unk> @-@ ness ) ; ( March 16 , 1918 – August 26 , 1998 ) was an American physicist . He was awarded the 1995 Nobel Prize in Physics for his co @-@ detection of the neutrino with Clyde Cowan in the neutrino experiment . He may be the only scientist in history "
A postman who stole dozens of letters and parcels as part of a £500,000 credit-card fraud cannot be deported to the Ivory Coast because he has
 Ashbee suggested that given its size and comparisons with other long barrows , such as <unk> 's Lodge , the Coldrum tomb could have housed the remains of over a hundred individuals . Excavations conducted in the early 20th century have led to the methodical discovery and removal of what was believed to be the remains of twenty @-@ two human individuals . These remains were examined by Sir Arthur Keith , the <unk> of the museum at the Royal College of Surgeons . He published his results in 1913 , in a paper largely
He always finds a way to get your sick child in
 Live & Kicking was conceived as a replacement for Going Live ! , a successful Saturday morning programme that had been running for six years . It was first broadcast on 2 October 1993 at 9 am on <unk> . The original hosts were Andi Peters , Emma Forbes who had presented a cookery segment in Going Live ! , and John Barrowman . For the second series , John was relegated to host the showbiz Electric Circus segment , leaving Andi and Emma to become the main hosts . He left after one series of Electric Circus to concentrate on acting . Comedy duo Trevor and Simon and Peter Simon , in the Run the Risk segment , were
My bf didn't believe once again it was his regular drink.
He then cuts me off mid sentence to say,
 Somehow the production did not work . Olivier was set on playing Malvolio in his own particular rather extravagant way . He was extremely moving at the end , but he played the earlier scenes like a Jewish <unk> , with a <unk> and an extraordinary accent , and he insisted on falling backwards off a bench in the garden scene , though I <unk> him not to do it . ... But then Malvolio is a
 In the general election , Nixon emphasized " law and order , " positioning himself as the champion of what he called the " silent majority . " Running well ahead of his opponent , incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey , his support slipped in the polls following his refusal to <unk> in presidential debates , and following an announcement from
 I saw a kind of bird in this place which I have not found elsewhere ; it is that which the inhabitants call the <unk> <unk> for to be sure , it loves solitude and only <unk> the most secluded places ; one never sees two or more together ; it is always alone . It is not unlike a turkey , if it did not have longer legs . The beauty of its plumage is a delight to see . It is of changeable colour which <unk> upon yellow . The flesh is exquisite ; it forms one of the best dishes in this country , and might form a <unk> at our tables . We wished to keep two of these birds to send to France and present them to His Majesty , but as soon as they were on board ship , they died of melancholy ,
He said he is open to ideas and advice.
The good thing is he got is resentment
But what about how much taller he
 Somerset finished as runners @-@ up to Sussex in the 2009 Twenty20 Cup , having reached Finals Day in what captain Justin Langer described as " bizarre " fashion . Somerset qualified for the knock @-@ out stages of the competition as the best third @-@ placed team during the group stage , then beat Lancashire in a bowl @-@ out to qualify for the semi @-@ finals . After overcoming Kent in the semi @-@ final , Somerset were <unk> beaten
 Alfa Ba , Karamoko Alfa 's father , formed a coalition of Muslim Fulbe and called for the jihad in 1725 , but died
 On December 16 , 1972 , the Portuguese 6th company of Commandos in Mozambique killed the inhabitants of the village of Wiriyamu , in the district of Tete . <unk> to as the ' Wiriyamu Massacre ' , the soldiers killed between 150 ( according to the Red Cross ) and 300 ( according to a much later investigation by the Portuguese newspaper <unk> based in testimonies from soldiers ) villagers accused of sheltering FRELIMO guerrillas . The action , " Operation <unk> " , was planned at the instigation of PIDE / <unk> agents and guided by agent <unk> <unk> , who was later assassinated while an inquiry into the events was being carried out . The soldiers were told by this agent that " the orders were to kill them all " , never mind that only civilians , women and children included , were found . All of the victims were civilians . The massacre was recounted in July 1973 by the British Catholic priest , Father Adrian Hastings , and two other Spanish missionary priests . Later counter @-@ claims have been made in a report of Archbishop of Dar es Salaam <unk> <unk> that alleged that the killings were carried out by FRELIMO combatants , not Portuguese forces . In addition , others claimed that the alleged massacres by Portuguese military forces were fabricated to tar the reputation of the Portuguese state abroad . Portuguese journalist <unk> <unk> reconstructed the Wiriyamu massacre in detail by interviewing both survivors and former members of the Portuguese Army Commandos unit that carried out the massacre . <unk> 's report was published in the Portuguese weekly newspaper <unk> and later in a book containing several
 James <unk> , in his final report as Mint Director in 1873 , advocated limiting striking of gold dollars to <unk> who specifically requested it . " The gold dollar is not a convenient coin , on account of its small size , and it suffers more <unk> from <unk> than larger coins . " His successors called for its abolition , with James P. Kimball , before he left office in 1889 , writing to Congress that except as jewelry , " little practical use has been found for this coin " . Later that year , the new director , Edward O. <unk> , issued a report stating that the gold dollar " is too small for circulation , and ... [ is ] used almost exclusively for the purposes of ornament . The last year in which the gold dollar was struck was 1889
He is warm, personable, jovial, attentive and informative.
My husband went to this gym today with the 14 pass and at the end of his
 For many years it was believed that Alkan met his death when a bookcase toppled over and fell on him as he reached for a volume of the Talmud
"Called an ambulance on a neighbor, am holding his gun- family issuing threats. Tennessee"
5339	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
His attitude toward having to look something up or move away from his
 During 2004 , Federer won three Grand Slam singles titles for the first time in his career and became the first person to do so since <unk> <unk> in 1988 . His first major hard @-@ court title came at the Australian Open over Marat Safin , thereby becoming the world No. 1 for the first time . He then won his second Wimbledon crown over Andy Roddick . Federer defeated the 2001 US Open champion , <unk> Hewitt , at the US Open for his first title there . 
He did tell me that the little cheese bites that where in the burger and chicken sandwich... he says
 Some sources noted that the book has potential to become an adapted screenplay . Irish Independent describes Grisham 's new book as " following his usual route to the bestsellers list " and projects it as a candidate to be his next
Made a 9:30 appnt , it was confirmed, show up on time at 9:30 doors are locked , call them up and he ( Sam) says
 For natural proteins , a series of purification steps may be necessary to obtain protein sufficiently pure for laboratory applications . To <unk> this process , genetic engineering is often used to add chemical features to proteins that make them easier to <unk> without affecting their structure or activity . Here , a " tag " consisting of a specific amino acid sequence , often a series of <unk> residues ( a " His @-@ tag " ) , is attached to one terminus of the protein . As a result , when the lysate is
 After the 1968 season , MLB expanded and an expansion draft was conducted in which the new teams could select certain players from the established teams . The White Sox left Wilhelm unprotected , possibly because they did not believe that teams would have interest in a much older pitcher . On October 15 , 1968 , Wilhelm was chosen in the expansion draft by the Kansas City Royals as the 49th pick . That offseason , he
He made sure that it
US government wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman
Our guests raved about the flow and strength of his message.
Right now, any Jordanian who goes to fight in Syria is arrested upon his return to the country
 Arthur <unk> " Art " Ross ( January 13 , 1885 – August 5 , 1964 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and executive from 1905 until 1954 . Regarded as one of the best defenders of his era by his peers , he was one of the first to skate with the puck up the ice rather than pass it to a forward . He was on Stanley Cup championship teams twice in a playing career that
My boyfriend and I see the male waiter and when we asked for lemon, he came back very quickly.
It was a very casual environment with lots of wood furniture and a few TV's (I'm not a fan of TV's in a dining area, but my uncle appreciated it so he could catch
 Maeda was fond of the name and started using it to promote his art thereafter .
His predecessor as chief executive, Ben Gordon, stood down by mutual consent after a profit warning, at the instigation
 By 1892 , Mogadishu was under the joint control of the Somali Sultanate of the Geledi and the <unk> Sultanate of Zanzibar . The Geledi Sultans were at the height of their power . They dominated the southern ivory trade , and also held sway over the Jubba and Shebelle valleys in the hinterland . The <unk> Sultans ' authority in Mogadishu , however , was largely nominal . When <unk> <unk> bin <unk> of Oman sought to build a fort in the city , he was thus <unk> to request permission from Sultan
 As a self @-@ proclaimed " fan of <unk> " , Townsend has developed a trademark production style featuring an atmospheric , layered " wall of sound " . Townsend has drawn critical praise for his productions , which " are always marked by a sense of adventure , intrigue , chaotic <unk> and overall <unk> <unk> " , according to Mike G. of Metal Maniacs . Townsend mainly uses Pro Tools to produce his music , alongside other software <unk> such as <unk> <unk> , <unk> Live , and Logic Pro . Townsend 's musical ideas and production style have drawn comparisons to Phil Spector and Frank Zappa . Townsend has carried out the mixing and mastering for most of his solo work himself . He has also mixed and remixed work for other artists such as <unk> , August
 In order to keep the campaign as low @-@ key as possible , General Abrams had suggested that the commencement of the incursion be routinely announced from Saigon . At 21 : 00 on 30 April , however , President Nixon appeared on all three U.S. television networks to announce that " It is not our power but our will and character that is being tested tonight " and that " the time has come for action . " He announced his decision to launch American forces into Cambodia with the special objective of capturing COSVN , " the headquarters of the entire communist military operation in South Vietnam . " COSVN
 Despite the critical acclaim " Ulysses " received , its rise within the Tennyson canon took decades . Tennyson did not usually select it for publication in poetry anthologies ; in teaching anthologies , however , the poem was usually included — and it remains a popular teaching poem today . Its current prominence in Tennyson 's <unk> is the result of two trends , according to Tennyson scholar Matthew Rowlinson : the rise of formal English poetry studies in the late nineteenth century , and the Victorian effort to articulate a British culture that could be exported . He argues that " Ulysses " forms part of the prehistory of imperialism — a term that only appeared in the language in 1851 . The protagonist sounds like a " colonial administrator " , and his reference to seeking a newer world ( 57 ) echoes the phrase " New World " , which became common during the Renaissance . While " Ulysses " cannot be read as overtly <unk> , Tennyson 's later work as Poet Laureate sometimes argues for the value of Britain 's colonies , or was accused of <unk> . Rowlinson <unk> the Marxist theorist Louis <unk> 's extension of the argument that ideology is <unk> , finding that Tennyson 's poem " comes
 Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! has been described as achieving a dizzying reality with Hibari by contrasting a <unk> exterior with a male interior . The series has been praised for its overall light and pop literary style , and the delicate touch in how Hibari is drawn has been described as so attractive that it makes the reader forget that it is a gag manga . However , the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters have been criticized as extreme and no longer
 In a February 4 , 2008 , article , Scientology spokeswoman Karin Pouw told the Los Angeles Times that Church of Scientology 's websites " have been and are online . " Danny McPherson , chief research officer at Arbor Networks , claimed 500 denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks had been observed on the Scientology site in the week prior to February 4 , some of which were strong enough to bring the website down . Calling Anonymous a " <unk> crew of internet <unk> " , Wired blogger Ryan <unk> said that , while attempting to bypass the Prolexic servers protecting the Church of Scientology website , users of a <unk> DDoS tool inadvertently and briefly had targeted the Etty <unk> Lyceum , a Dutch secondary school in <unk> . Another hacking group associated with the project , calling themselves the " <unk> " , mistakenly targeted a 59 @-@ year @-@ old man from Stockton , California . They posted his home telephone number , address and his wife 's Social Security number online for other people to target . They believed that he was behind counter @-@ attacks against Project Chanology @-@ related websites by the <unk> , a counter @-@ hack group who crashed one of the Project Chanology planning websites . The group allegedly attempted to gain personal information on people involved in Project Chanology to turn that information over to the Church of Scientology . After discovering they had wrongly targeted the couple ,
 Liu Kang 's first finishing move is the Fatality " Shaolin <unk> " ; he performs a butterfly kick ( often mistaken for a cartwheel ) on his opponent ,
 After the United Kingdom 's entry into World War I in 1914 , Wheeler volunteered for the armed forces . Although preferring solitary to group activities , Wheeler found that he greatly enjoyed <unk> . For the next seven months , he was posted as an instructor in the University of London Officer Training Corps . It was during this period , in January 1915 , that a son was born to the Wheelers , and named Michael . Michael was their only child , something that was a social anomaly at the time , although it is unknown if this was by choice or not . In May 1915 , Wheeler transferred to the Royal Field Artillery ( Territorial Force ) and shortly thereafter was appointed captain . In this position he was stationed at various bases across Britain , often bringing his wife and child with him ; his responsibility
As I left I knocked on the window and still no one came it was only as I slowly drove off in he parking lot could I see someone emerge from
When he saw that there were going to be several customers coming in unusually early, he rushed to the back to get another
Then he
We told him it wasn't our order and the server looked confused.
 From September 24 , 1965 , in Austin , Texas , Dylan toured the U.S. and Canada for six months , backed by the five musicians from the Hawks who became known as the Band . While Dylan and the Hawks met increasingly receptive audiences , their studio efforts <unk> . Producer Bob Johnston persuaded Dylan to record in Nashville in February 1966 , and surrounded him with top @-@ notch session men . At Dylan 's insistence , Robertson and Kooper came from
No, not out of embarrassment but because of a knee injury, but the Spaniard will be well aware that Rosol, now up to world No 52, could still pose a serious threat to his chances of reaching
 Anthony Mandler directed the music video for " Man Down " in April 2011 on a beach in Portland Parish , on the northeastern Jamaican coast . Rihanna told Rap @-@ Up that the video has a " strong underlying message [ for ] girls like me ! " On May 1 , 2011 , three camera phone teaser photos , of Rihanna on a beach in a white <unk> & <unk> dress and riding a bicycle in Portland Parish , were released . The music video premiered on BET 's 106 & Park on May 31 , 2011 . In an interview for MTV News , Mandler said that " Man Down " required " a strong narrative and visual " and that fans could expect something " dramatic and shocking and intense and emotions and <unk>
3063	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's
Not a big deal just figured they would give me a new, hairless one... Nope the guy pondered at the table for a couple
The fact that he did not and Schürrle took his chance only further underlined the belief Torres is no longer wanted at
6773	In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts
And uh, and David over there, I heard he
 Walpole 's books cover a wide range . His fiction includes short stories , <unk> ( Mr Perrin and Mr Traill , 1911 , and the Jeremy trilogy ) that <unk> into the psychology of <unk> ; gothic horror novels ( Portrait of a Man with Red Hair , 1925 , and The Killer and The <unk> , 1942 ) ; a period family saga ( the Herries chronicle ) and even detective fiction ( Behind the Screen ) . He wrote literary biographies ( Conrad , 1916 ; James Branch <unk> , 1920
Matthew was very apologetic and said he would bring us a glass of wine
 A point of contention among scholars is the role played by Armenian clerics in that process . According to a number of scholars and medieval Armenian sources , <unk> Mashtots , generally acknowledged as the creator of the Armenian alphabet , also created the Georgian and Caucasian <unk> alphabets . This tradition originates in the works of Koryun , a fifth century historian and biographer of Mashtots , and has been quoted by Donald <unk> and James R. Russell , but has been criticized by scholars , both Georgian and Western , who judge the passage in Koryun unreliable or even a later <unk> . Other scholars quote Koryun 's claims without taking a stance on its validity . Many agree , however , that Armenian clerics , if not Mashtots himself , must have played a role in the creation of the
 Lawton was called up to play for The Football League XI against a League of Ireland XI at Windsor Park on 21 September 1938 , and scored four goals in what finished as an 8 – 2 win . A month later he went on to win his first cap for England on 22 October , England 's first game of the 1938 – 39 British Home Championship , a 4 – 2 defeat to Wales at Ninian Park , and converted a penalty kick to mark his first England appearance with a goal . This made him the youngest player to score on his England debut , a record which lasted until Marcus <unk> broke it in 2016 . Four days after Lawton 's debut , he scored again for England at Highbury in a 3 – 0 win over ' The Rest of Europe ' , a team of players selected from Italy , Germany , France , Belgium , Hungary and Norway . Later in the year he also scored in victories over Norway and Ireland . He played in all four games of 1939 , scoring against Scotland and Italy ; the goal against Scotland secured
 Originally , a " time @-@ consuming " fight scene between Skinner and Krycek was supposed to take place . The scenes were cut because of time @-@ constraints and <unk> reasons . However , Skinner 's boxing match proved easy to stage . Mitch Pileggi , who had <unk> competitively in college , went for " <unk> course [ s ] " at the <unk> <unk> in Los Angeles . He later remarked , " It makes me happy that some people will assume there was a stunt double in the ring . There wasn 't ! [ ... ] We both had a pretty good time " . Location manager <unk> Jones called " S.R. 819 " the " damn parking lot episode " . He was
He took our
 Alkan 's return to the concert platform in 1844 was greeted with enthusiasm by critics , who noted the " admirable perfection " of his technique
He did an awesome job, if you have any problems with your tint, he keeps to his word and will fix any
 Faced with the siege of Ciudad Juárez and the outbreak of rebellion in Morelos , Díaz and members of his cabinet became more willing to negotiate and launched a " <unk> peace offensive " aimed at Madero . This was largely a result of panic among the large landowners associated with
8754	Liman , of Swingers and Go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase ,
I think it's 99 now, Langfield said of his latest
 <unk> over in the Entry Draft , Cullen was finally selected by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1986 NHL Supplemental Draft . When the Sabres failed to offer him a contract , Cullen signed with the Flint Spirits of the International Hockey League ( IHL ) for the 1987 – 88 season . He led the league with 157 points , scoring 48 goals ,
With his house extended to include a massive studio, totally fulfilled in his relationship with Bili, he barely noticed as he drifted
 He was a man of some education , with knowledge of French and calligraphy . In signing his accounts for 1621
He then hatched a plan, told me how he could get me the look I
 Chicago 's win clinched the team 's 15th postseason berth in franchise history , their first in 9 years since losing in the 1989 National League Championship Series . The Cubs ' presence in the postseason , playing for a spot in the World Series , led several sportswriters to reference the Curse of the Billy Goat and the difficulties the Cubs ' had faced since 1945 . The Billy Goat story suggests that Billy <unk> cursed the Cubs after he and his goat were asked to leave game four of the 1945 World Series . The playoff berth matched the Cubs with the Atlanta Braves in
The artist as glider pilot His tutors at Edinburgh College of Art were appalled by his
He even put on a brand new plastic piece
 Djedkare Isesi was the object of a funerary cult established at his death and which lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom nearly 200 years later . Provisions for this cult were produced in several agricultural estates set up during Djedkare 's reign . The names of some of these estates have been found inscribed
"Hey, remember Roy Moore? Two weeks later, he still hasn’t conceded"
A 17-year-old boy and a man, aged 20, are
Oh my God! Why is he jumping on
 After the publication of his book on the fur trade , Innis turned to a study of an earlier staple — the <unk> fished for centuries off the eastern coasts of North America , especially the Grand Banks of Newfoundland . The result was The Cod Fisheries : The History of an International Economy published in 1940 , 10 years after the fur trade study . Innis tells the detailed history of competing empires
He has a very
My son and I always stop in when it's just us.
 Bosi completed the deal in June 2007 for a new site at 29 <unk> Street in London . He intended for the new Hibiscus to be open by September , and to transfer over the style of cooking he had used in Ludlow , saying , " I 'm transferring Hibiscus , not starting a new restaurant . The idea is to continue and build on what I have been
I dont see it.  You are dancing with the tall guy over there.
An emergency relief official confirmed the death toll as 39 but asked not to be named because he was not
We sit down and he immediately tells us the bad news -- our child has a bilateral cleft lip.
9319	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all
3262	The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless
The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.
 Filming started in August 2006 at the Wikimania 2006 conference , and by April 2007 the team had aggregated 100 hours of footage . Co @-@ director Hill accompanied Wales during 2007 , filming him as he journeyed around the globe . Hill took a two @-@ person film crew and traveled to China , Indonesia , India , South Africa , Australia and Europe , interviewing editors and contributors . Hill is himself an editor of
My husband had a sub and he really
 From a man
He not only incorporated our vision but added special touches that just enhanced our backyard.
The only guy to trust is the lovely and very
"I [23/f] have been talking to my brother [21/m] tonight, he wants to die. What can I do to convince him otherwise?"
The bill for all of this food, soda and hot tea was less than $20 so I gave Russell a generous tip since I think he gave us about double the food we were
, who has said he plans to make tackling civil rights issues his major
The right price to keep him
 Portrait of Monsieur Bertin is an 1832 oil @-@ on @-@ canvas painting by Jean @-@ Auguste @-@ Dominique Ingres . It depicts Louis @-@ François Bertin ( 1766 – 1841 ) , the French writer , art collector and director of the pro @-@ <unk> Journal des débats . Ingres completed the portrait during his first period of success ; having achieved acclaim as a history painter , he accepted portrait commissions with reluctance , regarding them as a distraction from more important work . Bertin was a friend and a politically active member of the French upper @-@ middle class . Ingres presents him as a personification of the commercially minded leaders of the liberal reign of Louis Philippe I. He is physically imposing and self
 Marshall McLuhan was a colleague of Innis 's at the University of Toronto . As a young English professor , McLuhan was flattered when he learned that Innis had put his book The Mechanical Bride on the reading list of the fourth @-@ year economics course . McLuhan built on Innis 's idea that in studying the effects of communications media , technological form <unk> more than content . Biographer Paul <unk> writes that Innis 's concept of the " bias " of a particular medium of communication can be seen as a " less flamboyant precursor to McLuhan 's legendary
5796	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of
McCain Says He Can’t Vote for Graham-Cassidy Health Bill
 The first documented mention of Qedar is from a stele ( c . 737 BCE ) of <unk> @-@ <unk> III , a king of the Neo @-@ Assyrian Empire , that lists leaders from the western part of Mesopotamia that pay him tribute . To the Assyrians , the Qedarites were known as Qidri or <unk> @-@ <unk> @-@ ri with other <unk> inscriptions also using Qadri , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> ( Neo Babylonian ) . Zabibe ( c . 738 BCE ) is listed among those paying tribute under the title
 At 16 : 30 the three battalions from the 72nd Infantry Regiment arrived and attacked from the north . At the same time the Australians and New Zealanders holding on at Baby 700 broke and ran back to an improvised line , from Walker 's Ridge in the north to Pope 's Hill in the south . The defence line at The Nek was now defended by nine New Zealanders , under the command of a sergeant ; they had three machine @-@ guns but the crews had all been killed or wounded . As the survivors arrived from Baby 700 their numbers rose to around sixty . Bridges in his divisional headquarters starting receiving messages from the front ; just after 17 : 00 Lieutenant @-@ Colonel George <unk> on Walker 's Ridge advised he was holding his position and " if reinforced could advance " . At 17 : 37 Maclagen reported they were being " heavily attacked " , at 18 : 15 the 3rd Battalion signalled , " 3rd Brigade being driven back "
He then says he
Even nagged one of the passengers because he made a mistake with his luggage.
 Prior to World War II , the Royal Australian Air Force was small enough for all its elements to be directly controlled by RAAF Headquarters in Melbourne . After war broke out in September 1939 , the RAAF began to implement a <unk> form of command , <unk> with expected increases in manpower and units . Its initial move in this direction was to create Nos. 1 and 2 Groups to control units in Victoria and New South Wales , respectively . Then , between March 1940 and May 1941 , the RAAF divided Australia and New Guinea into four geographically based command @-@ and @-@ control zones : Central Area , Southern Area , Western Area , and Northern Area . The roles of these area commands were air defence , protection of adjacent sea lanes , and aerial reconnaissance . Each was led by an Air Officer Commanding ( AOC ) responsible for the administration and operations of all air bases and units within his boundary
How big is this tiny place that he can't find
The have a huge selection of panties: boy
8254	Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed ,
 A qualified barrister and former amateur racing driver , Mosley was a founder and co @-@ owner of March Engineering , a successful racing car <unk> and Formula One racing team . He dealt with legal and commercial matters for the company between 1969 and 1977 and became its representative at the Formula One Constructors ' Association ( FOCA ) , the body that represents Formula One constructors . Together with Bernie Ecclestone , he represented FOCA at the FIA and in its dealings with race organisers . In 1978 , Mosley became the official legal adviser to FOCA . In this role he and Marco <unk> negotiated the first version of the Concorde Agreement , which settled a long @-@ standing dispute between FOCA and the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile ( FISA ) , a commission of the FIA and the then governing body of Formula One . Mosley was elected president of FISA in 1991 and became president of the FIA , FISA 's parent body , in 1993 . Mosley identified his major achievement as FIA President as the promotion of the European New Car Assessment Programme ( Euro NCAP or <unk> ) . He has also promoted increased safety and the use of green technologies in motor racing . In 2008 , stories about his sex life appeared in the British press , along with unfounded allegations regarding Nazi connotations . Mosley successfully sued the newspaper that published the allegations and maintained his position as FIA president . He stood down at the end of his term in 2009 and was replaced by his preferred successor , Jean
 In Dover 's first season back in the Southern League Premier Division the Whites finished in third place , albeit 17 points <unk> of <unk> , who claimed the one promotion place available that season . A poor start to the following season saw Walker replaced by Richard Langley . Dover finished the season in 19th place , before being switched to the Isthmian League Premier Division in the summer of 2004 following a re @-@ organisation of the English football league system . The new season started with six successive defeats , which saw Langley sacked , and the financial problems continued , with the club coming within two months of being closed down . Dover were relegated to the Isthmian League Division One at the end of the season , but were saved from possible extinction in January 2005 when former director Jim Parmenter returned to head up a consortium that took over the club . Parmenter quickly sacked manager Steve Browne and convinced Clive Walker to return to the club to replace him , and also arranged for the club 's outstanding <unk> debts
He's a quality bowler but they have other bowlers we can target if we can get him away.
By the time Werth finished his postgame routine, Soriano
 Jeremiah also tells of a campaign by <unk> ( 630 – 562 BCE ) against the Qedarites during the Babylonian period . Gashmu , the king of the Qedarites mentioned in the 5th century BCE Aramaic inscription described above , is also referred to as " <unk> the Arab " or " <unk> the Arabian " by <unk> who lists him as one of his adversaries , since Gashmu stands opposed to <unk> 's governorship over Judea in <unk> BCE . 
My husband ordered 3 carnitas tacos, he only ate 1 1/2 and had
very rude, rushed us during our ordering, did not want to explain the specials after my uncle asked a question, he said he did not
Have to recommend Ian and Invisible Fence as he was very understanding, conscientious and made all the right recommendations
I took my dog here for a checkup and dropped him off, and they told me they would call me when they did his physical.
Lab outsmarts corgi to keep his
My husband said he enjoyed the buffalo chicken the most, I preferred the cheese.
The owner knows his wine and will go out of his way
 The teeth are slender , cylindrical and <unk> ( <unk> ) , less than 5 mm ( 0 @.@ 20 in ) long , and become shorter closer to the cap edge . They are crowded together , with typically between three and five teeth per square millimeter . <unk> @-@ white initially , they age to a grayish @-@ brown . The stem is thick , very short , and often deformed . It becomes bulbous where it <unk> the ground , and may root into the soil for several centimeters . Although it may reach up to 5 cm ( 2 @.@ 0 in ) in total length , and is 1 to 3 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 to 1 @.@ 2 in ) wide , only about 0 @.@ 1 to 1 cm ( 0 @.@ 0 to 0 @.@ 4 in ) appear above ground . The upper part is covered with the same teeth found on the underside of the cap , whereas the lower part is hairy and often <unk> debris from the forest floor . The odor of the fruit body has been described as " mild to disagreeable " , or , as Banker suggested in his original description , similar to
We got our soup only to find that not only did it have a slim like texture but both my father and I ask for the manager.
oh & while he was asking me questions before my surgery he answered a personal call in front of me...he was talking about his hurt hip, a trip aka vacation, that he
 The NDH authorities established new administrative sub @-@ divisions , organising the state into counties ( Croatian : <unk> <unk> ) and then districts ( Croatian : <unk> ) . Eastern Herzegovina was covered by the counties of Hum and Dubrava . Hum County included the districts of Mostar and Nevesinje , and Dubrava County included the districts of Bileća , Gacko , Stolac , Ravno and Trebinje . The <unk> ( county prefect ) of Hum was Josip <unk> with his seat in Mostar , and the <unk> of Dubrava was Ante <unk> , based in
He makes sure
A man who gave his name only as Vasily said he had taken leave from his job as a clothes designer
When I pointed this out to him he became angry
7254	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not
We were the 3rd table to arrive but boy did it fill up fast.
 Wheeler is recognised as one of the most important British archaeologists of the twentieth century , responsible for successfully encouraging British public interest in the discipline and advancing methodologies of excavation and recording . Further , he is widely acclaimed as a major figure in the establishment of South Asian archaeology . However , many of his specific interpretations of archaeological sites have been discredited or <unk>
 At the beginning of the novel , the General is 46 years old and slowly dying on his last journey to the port of Cartagena de <unk> , where he plans to set sail for Europe . As Palencia @-@ Roth notes , " Bolívar is cast here not only as a victim but as an agent of Latin America 's tragic political flaws " . The fortunes of
 Eastern Kentucky is known for its gaited breeds , created through a mixture of Spanish horses from the southern United States and English horses from the North . American <unk> , Tennessee Walking Horses and Missouri Fox <unk> also originated in the same general geographic area , from the same mixing of Spanish and English blood . Rocky Mountain Horses have a similar history to the Kentucky Mountain Saddle Horse , and together are sometimes called " Mountain Pleasure Horses " . The Rocky Mountain Horse originated in eastern Kentucky from a foundation stallion brought to the Appalachian Mountains from the Rocky Mountains around 1890 . <unk> to the area as a colt , oral histories state that the " Rocky Mountain Horse " , as he was
Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down
 The church of St Clement Danes is believed to date from the 9th century . The name may have come from Harold <unk> , a Danish king who ruled England around 1035 – 40 and is buried in the church , or from a place of refuge for Danes after the conquest of Alfred the Great . It was transferred to the Order of the Knights Templar by Henry II in 1189 . It survived the Great Fire in 1666 , but was declared unsafe and rebuilt by Christopher Wren in 1679 . The building was damaged during the Blitz in 1941 , <unk> much of the interior , and was rebuilt in 1958 by
I call my Nissan dealership while waiting for him to go look at the sticker & ask them what type of oil
Nick commented "I wonder if anyone told Bobby that half his letters
This likely could have been a positive experience but this managers arrogance cost him and the
So who will be the man, the heavyweight to afford the 2014 Masters its quality status? Step forward the man who this week said the game needs the heroes to step up.
 Though a few voices expressed skepticism of the report 's conclusions — notably Frank Stoneman , the editor of the Miami News @-@ Record ( the forerunner of The Miami Herald ) — the report was hailed as <unk> , coming from a branch of the U.S. government . In 1912 Florida appointed Wright to oversee the drainage , and the real estate industry <unk> misrepresented this mid @-@ level engineer as the world 's foremost authority on wetlands drainage , in charge of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation . However , the U.S. House of Representatives investigated Wright since no report had officially been published despite the money paid for it . Wright eventually retired when it was discovered that his colleagues disagreed with his conclusions and refused to approve the report 's publication . One testified at the hearings : " I regard Mr. Wright as absolutely and completely incompetent for any engineering work " .
Before I mentioned with company the service guy said "it was Beyer wasn't it".
4573	Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one
 Notwithstanding the hiatus after moving from Frankfurt , the 1870s were one of Busch 's most productive decades . In 1874 he produced
 Ímar was probably the son of Aralt mac Amlaíb ( died 999 ) , a man whose death at the Battle of Glenn <unk> is recorded by the Annals of Clonmacnoise , the Annals of the Four Masters , the Annals of Ulster , and <unk> <unk> . If this identification is correct , Ímar 's paternal grandfather would have been Amlaíb Cuarán , King of Northumbria and Dublin ( died 980 / <unk> ) , and a paternal uncle of Ímar would have been Sitriuc mac Amlaíb
He was like a wisp of smoke.
"I [M22] have a joint credit card with my dad (70). I've just looked at the statements to see my own history
He was very aware of the areas
5 hours later he
 Barbara <unk> of The Bergen Record likened " Mothers of the Disappeared " to " New Year 's Day " and " Pride ( In the Name of Love ) " , stating that the band used all three to " stir political consciousness and to urge social commitment . " Thirteen years later , Ryan Jones , in his review of U2 's 2000 album All That You Can 't Leave Behind for the same publication , said the song " Peace on Earth " contained echoes of " Mothers of the Disappeared " in its lyrics and the tone of the instrumental prelude . In reviewing the group 's 2009 album No Line on the Horizon , Mueller said the closing " <unk> of Lebanon " " maintains this essentially optimistic group 's counter @-@ intuitive tradition
My first bite reminded of that scene in Ratatouille where the food critic takes a bite and is immediately transcended to a younger period where he was a child and experienced that same first bite.
4 Aurelien Chedjou Tried to help Eboue cope with Hazard on a couple of occasions, but equally as unsuccessful as his team-mate.
Anywho, I ordered those (they were accompanied by tofu skin), beef & tendon stew, & my boy toy's Xiao mai (pronounced sha-ow my).
 He then moved to Rochdale in 2004 and Boston United in 2007 , totalling 140 appearances in the Football League over
 The Jackson 5 would release a second single with Steeltown Records before moving to Motown Records . The group 's recordings at Steeltown Records were thought to be lost , but they were rediscovered more than 25 years later . They were remastered and released in 1995 , with " Big Boy " as the
He was calm, collected and extremely pleasant.
 While Mosley was at University , his wife was given tickets to a motor race at the Silverstone Circuit . The circuit is not far from Oxford , and the couple went out of curiosity . Mosley was attracted by the sport , and when his career as a barrister was bringing in sufficient money , he started racing cars himself . The sport 's indifference to his background
1051	If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the
 At first , men from 7 Independent Company were sent out in sticks mixed with the <unk> , but problems soon arose regarding proper regimen and the language barrier . When the Frenchmen were then sent out alone , their Land Rovers prominently flying the French flag , the issue of language was resolved , but that of <unk> remained . Though discretion was paramount if they were to observe enemy movements covertly and effectively , the men of 7 Independent Company were found to have difficulty maintaining this and sometimes made careless mistakes which risked revealing their presence . Moreover , when investigations were made of local <unk> , marked tension soon arose between the Frenchmen and the local black population ; the soldiers ' ignorance of English or <unk> made it very difficult for discussions to take place and , according to other Rhodesian units who came into contact with them , the French soldiers took out their frustration on the villagers , often using excessive force in their attempted <unk> . <unk> Police Station received a report of a 7 Independent Company man <unk> a young <unk> in a dense thicket , but did not act on it . According to one history of the Rhodesia Regiment , " it was indicated that the Frenchmen had
 In 1924 Ernest <unk> wrote into a short story a comparison of G K <unk> and Walpole , concluding that the former was the better man , the latter a better writer and both were classics . Walpole could be sensitive about his literary reputation and often took adverse criticism badly . When <unk> <unk> praised P G Wodehouse as the best English writer of their day , Walpole took it <unk> , to the amusement of Wodehouse who regarded <unk> 's <unk> as " a gag , to get a rise out of serious @-@ minded authors whom he disliked " . Wodehouse was not a great admirer of Walpole ; his own <unk> craftsmanship , with drafts polished over and over again , was the opposite of Walpole 's hastily written and seldom @-@ revised prose . He also viewed
After a little bit of back and forth in a civil manner he stated that the previous weekend.
 After his third retirement , Jordan assumed that he would be able to return to his front office position of Director of Basketball Operations with the Wizards . However , his previous tenure in the Wizards ' front office had produced the aforementioned mixed results and may have also influenced the trade of Richard " <unk> " Hamilton for Jerry <unk> ( although Jordan was not technically Director of Basketball Operations in 2002 ) . On May 7 , 2003 , Wizards owner Abe <unk> fired Jordan as Washington 's President of Basketball Operations . Jordan later stated that he felt betrayed , and
He immediately started pressing for me to get
!So my boyfriend had been to the Beauty & essex in NY and he
9511	The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
4953	It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without
I shared a pizza with my significant other and he asked for half of it to have no onions but it came out covered in onions all over!
Mr Varela, who is currently the vice president, had distanced himself from President Ricardo Martinelli.
The second time they came around with the pineapple, to my group of 6, and we were told there were only 3 pieces left at the moment... Every man
 <unk> by the news of an invasion , the Song general stationed in Taiyuan retreated from the city , which was besieged and later captured . As the second Jin army approached the capital , Emperor Huizong of the Song abdicated and fled south . A new emperor , Qinzong , was enthroned . The Jurchens began a siege against Kaifeng in 1126 , but Qinzong negotiated for their retreat from the capital after he agreed to pay a large annual indemnity . Qinzong reneged on the deal and ordered Song forces to defend the prefectures instead of <unk> the capital . The Jin resumed their war against the Song and again besieged Kaifeng in 1127 . The Chinese emperor was captured in an event known as the <unk> Incident , the capital was looted , and the Song lost northern China to the Jin . Remnants of the Song retreated to southern China and , after brief stays in several temporary capitals , eventually relocated to Hangzhou . The retreat of the Song court marked the end of the Northern Song era and the beginning of the Southern
 Brooks considers the theme of uncertainty central to the zombie genre . He believes that zombies allow people to deal with their own anxiety about the end of the world . Brooks has expressed a deep fear of
3684	In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the
Tonight me and another car in front of me arrived at the same time, 1:30, after the car in front of me sat there for five minutes he pulled off it was then my
Trump Said He Saved $1 Billion on Air Force One Jets. The
 = = His mission = =
 The title track itself has also been covered by <unk> 2000 , Modest Mouse and <unk> , Pro @-@ Pain , and Universe Eye . Polish death metal band <unk> covered the song " Mandatory Suicide " on their first full @-@ length album Winds of Creation . In 2003 , " Silent Scream " was covered by Children of <unk> for their album <unk> Crew <unk> in his UK version . Hardcore Punk band , The <unk> opened their set with the beginning of " South of Heaven " at <unk> 7 on May 4 ,
The whole time we were sitting eating, the guy was cleaning the counters and the prep area and washing stuff.
 The Irish philosopher and theologian Johannes Scotus <unk> was considered one of the leading intellectuals of his early Middle Ages . Sir Ernest Henry <unk> , an Irish explorer , was one of the principal figures of Antarctic exploration . He , along with his expedition , made the first ascent of Mount <unk> and the discovery of the approximate location
1226	Hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile -LRB- emphasized here -RRB- accent the
My boyfriend got some whiskey and coffee concoction which he said was delicious albeit pretty strong.
But it was scotched by Soriot: In research, big is not necessarily beautiful, he said, explaining the increasing influence of small, innovative biotech companies.
He was the
I ordered the pizza fries with pepperoni and man were they yummy!
So he went with the salmon filet on a bed of some sort of emphasized rice pilaf.
I ordered a cheeseburger and onion rings my son chicken strips and fries.
 Cresswell drew praise from manager Billy Davies during the 2004 – 05 season , " Richard is very capable of that and it is important that we keep creating chances for <unk> as we know that he will put the ball in the back of the net " , although he admitted the team were over reliant on Cresswell 's goals . He enjoyed his best goal return in the 2004 – 05 season , top scoring for Preston with 21 goals in 52 games . This helped Preston reach the 2005 Championship play @-@ off Final , where they were beaten 1 – 0 by West Ham United at the Millennium Stadium . Cresswell played poorly in the first half , but had a number
 On the back of the Industrial Revolution , Oldham developed an extensive coal mining sector , correlated to supporting the local cotton industry and the town 's inhabitants , though there is evidence of small scale coal mining in the area as early as the 16th century . The Oldham <unk> stretched from Royton in the north to <unk> in the south and in addition to Oldham , included the towns of Middleton and Chadderton to the west . The Oldham <unk> was the site of over 150 collieries during its recorded history . Although some contemporary sources suggest there was coal mining in Oldham at a commercial scale by 1738 , older sources attribute the commercial expansion of coal mining with the arrival in the town of two Welsh labourers , John Evans and William Jones , around 1770 . <unk> the growth in
I only ate half, and I didn't even give the rest of it to my dog, because I was afraid it might make him
King's trumpeting of every minor industry gong have made his results statements
Travels, trials, and tribulations have seen him everywhere from Melbourne Rebels to
 Lancaster spent the <unk> intermittently campaigning and negotiating peace treaties with the French . In <unk> he was present at the naval victory at <unk> , where he allegedly saved the lives of the Black Prince and John of Gaunt . The years 1351 @-@ 2 he spent on crusade in Prussia . It was here
 Until the Whole World Hears met with an overall mixed to positive response from critics . Several critics regarded the musical aspects of the album as mediocre or sub @-@ par , while others praised the album 's lyrical content . <unk> Johnson of Allmusic gave the album four out of five stars and described it as a " powerful worship experience " , but also stated that " some might wonder how a little more variety would sound from such experienced professionals ... the band 's core sound continues to land in the AC cross hairs " . Andrew Greer of CCM Magazine commented that the album " ups the musical <unk> a bit , with some borderline poetic verses and interesting musical riffs " , but also commented that " many of these tracks still suffer from the ' Crowns <unk> <unk> , ' using lyrical Christian @-@ <unk> to produce <unk> rhymes that seem hard @-@ pressed to <unk> a ready @-@ to @-@ worship crowd " . Robert Ham of Christianity Today criticized the album for using what he deemed as a repetitive musical formula , but also praised the song " Joyful , Joyful " , which he compared to Coldplay 's song " Viva la Vida " , as well as Megan 's Garrett 's vocals on " Mercy " . He concluded that Until the Whole World Hears " feels like a step backward creatively " . At Cross Rhythms , Tony Cummings rated the album seven out of ten squares , saying " this album is a little disappointing considering some of the <unk>
 New gods continued to emerge after this transformation . Some important deities like Isis and Amun are not known to have appeared until the Old Kingdom ( c . <unk> – <unk> BC ) . Places and concepts could suddenly inspire the creation of a deity to represent them , and deities were sometimes created to serve as opposite @-@ sex counterparts to established gods or goddesses . Kings were said to be divine , although only a few continued to be worshipped long after their deaths . Some non @-@ royal humans were said to have the favor of the gods and were venerated accordingly . This veneration was usually short @-@ lived , but the court architects <unk> and <unk> son of <unk> were regarded as
Donald Trump heckled with 'you don't give a sh*t about Puerto Rico' as he dedicates golf trophy to
10634	If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth
As an homage to the Boss, they played nothing but his music that night which certainly
His image is somewhat at odds
Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his
 Enterprise heads to <unk> after Ambassador Soval informs them that the Vulcans believe they have been developing <unk> weapon technology . Soval guides Enterprise to a nebula where the Andorian fleet is hiding . Commander Shran is dubious , and abducts and <unk> Soval . After believing him , Enterprise
Seeger met Guthrie, a songwriter who shared his love
Have to say the service was excellent and our waiter Brenon was on top of everything with his recommendations and taking care of us.
 A youth named Guybrush Threepwood arrives on the fictional Mêlée IslandTM , with the desire to become a pirate . He seeks out the island 's pirate leaders , who set him three trials that must be completed to become a pirate : winning a sword duel against Carla , the island 's resident <unk> , finding a buried treasure , and stealing a valuable idol from the governor 's mansion . These quests take Guybrush throughout the island , where he hears of stories
I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on
3475	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
2208	Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in
 Ulysses ' apparent disdain for those around him is another <unk> of the ironic perspective . He declares that he is " matched with an aged wife " ( 3 ) , indicates his weariness in governing a " savage race " ( 4 ) , and suggests his philosophical distance from his son Telemachus . A skeptical reading of the second paragraph finds it a condescending tribute to Telemachus and a rejection of his " slow prudence " ( 36 ) . However , the adjectives used to describe Telemachus — " blameless " , " discerning " , and " decent " — are words with positive connotations in other of Tennyson 's poetry and within the classical tradition
At the culmination of the four-month inquest, the jury found that although he had a gun in the minicab, he most
When the delivery guy dropped it off,
A key witness said he had seen Nicky Jacobs, 45, attacking the officer on the estate in Tottenham, north London, in
Is he doing his shark attack bit
 In 1913 the newspaper 's supervisory council hired school teacher Fredrik Monsen to be the new editor . Olav Larssen started his journalist career as a subeditor in the same year . In the newspaper 's supervisory council vote ,
My dad loves wine
 In the 2007 World Cup England played in Pool A with Samoa , Tonga , South Africa and the United States . They qualified for the quarter finals after losing <unk> to South Africa 36 – 0 where they defeated Australia 12 – 10 , and then faced hosts France in their semi final . England won 14 – 9 to qualify for the final against South Africa , which they lost 15 – 6 . England followed up the World Cup with two consecutive 2nd place finishes in the Six Nations , behind Wales and Ireland respectively . The 2009 Six Nations also saw former England Captain Martin Johnson take up the job of head coach . However , Johnson could not replicate his on @-@ field success to management , and resigned in November 2011 following a <unk> 2011 Rugby World Cup which ended in quarter @-@ final defeat by France and featured a series of on and off @-@ field controversies . 
No, he
How dare he treat me with
 Barrow was an able boxer . He once fought John
 Kōsaku Sakamoto ( <unk> <unk> , Sakamoto Kōsaku ) is the protagonist of Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! and is originally from <unk> 33 He is a pure @-@ hearted high school student who constantly refuses Hibari 's advances toward him , Ch . 2 , 3 , 10 , 17 but as time goes on , he becomes increasingly concerned that he is being influenced by Hibari.Ch. 8 , 22 , 35 , 38 Kōsaku
I think this franchise owner is not living up to his baskin
He smiled and asked what we were looking for and we said we didn't know anything about Hyundais and
I think he did a hell of a
Owner says my adjuster Tom Fletcher is an asshole and that the guy present standing next to my car was fair and he said he would
My father is an ASE Certified Master Mechanic and counseled me between the discussions I had with the shop owner and mechanic on duty, and he lives a hundred
He faces yet another trial over allegations that he
It was a month since he sprayed the
This is where Brett and his
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end
 There Will Be Blood ( 2007 ) was loosely based on the <unk> Sinclair novel Oil ! . The budget of the film was $ 25 million , and it earned $ 76 @.@ 1 million worldwide . Daniel Day @-@ Lewis starred and won an Oscar for Best Leading Actor for his role . The film received eight nominations overall at the 80th Academy Awards . Paul <unk> received a BAFTA nomination for Best Supporting Actor . Anderson was nominated for Best Director from the Directors Guild of America . The film also received eight Academy Award nominations , tying with No Country for Old Men for the most nominations . Anderson received nominations for Best Picture , Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay , losing all three to the <unk> Brothers for No Country for Old Men . There Will Be Blood was regarded by some critics as one of the greatest films of the decade , some parties further declaring it one of the most accomplished American films of the modern
 During the 2008 season , political discussions were common in the Maryland locker room because of the presidential election . Turner and fellow quarterback Jordan Steffy , a conservative and supporter of presidential candidate Senator John McCain , were the most frequent <unk> , while defensive tackle Dean <unk> was described as the primary instigator . During the summer of 2009 , Turner held an internship on Capitol Hill working for Democratic Representative <unk> <unk> , the House Majority Leader and Maryland 's fifth district congressman . Turner had previously considered <unk> for the presidential campaign of Barack Obama , which he said probably annoyed his conservative father , John Turner . Describing his experience during the internship , Turner said , " It 's funny to compare how
Luciano was the best coming back because of him very friendly
Until then the university, whose alumni include Presidents Barack Obama and John F Kennedy, had never thought such a code was necessary.
2227	A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride
Our waiter was Jorge and he is
 The character Gabbar Singh was modelled on a real @-@ life dacoit of the same name who had <unk> the villages around <unk> in the 1950s . Any policeman captured by the real Gabbar Singh had his ears and nose cut off , and was released as a warning to other policemen . The character was also influenced by the villain " El <unk> " ( played by Gian Maria <unk> ) of Sergio Leone 's For a Few <unk> More ( 1965 ) . Soorma Bhopali , a minor comic relief character , was based on an acquaintance of actor Jagdeep , a forest officer from <unk> named Soorma . The real @-@ life Soorma eventually threatened to press charges when people who had viewed the film began referring to him as a <unk> . The main characters ' names , Jai and Veeru , mean " victory " and "
He said it was one of the best pork dishes he had
He will also be given oversight of a major expansion
Oh and did I mention he owner
 At the start of the 2015 season , there was much focus and speculation regarding trade possibilities surrounding Hamels . The Boston Red Sox , Los Angeles Dodgers , Texas Rangers , Chicago Cubs , New York Yankees , and San Francisco Giants expressed interest in trading for him during the 2015 season .
 York began the season with a 1 – 0 home win over the previous season 's play @-@ off finalists , Northampton Town , with <unk> Jarvis scoring the winning goal in the 90th @-@ minute . However , defeat came in York 's match against Championship side Burnley in the first round of the League Cup , going down 4 – 0 at home . The team endured their first league defeat of the season in the following game after being beaten 2 – 0 away by Dagenham & Redbridge , the home team scoring in each half . York then held Hartlepool United to a 0 – 0 home draw , before being beaten 3 – 2 away by Bristol Rovers , in which Jarvis scored twice before John @-@ Joe O 'Toole scored the winning goal for the home team in the 67th @-@ minute . Two signings were made shortly before the transfer deadline ; defender George Taft was signed on a one @-@ month loan from Leicester City , while Middlesbrough midfielder Ryan Brobbel joined on a one @-@ month loan . <unk> John <unk> , who had been told he had no future with the club , departed after signing for FC Halifax Town . Jarvis gave York the lead away at Exeter City before Alan <unk> scored in each half to see the home team win 2 – 1
Ed and his team are
 The first published account of the ruins was made by <unk> Jacinto <unk> at the end of the 17th century . A number of visitors investigated the ruins of Toniná in the 19th century , the first being an expedition led by Guillaume <unk> in 1808 . John Lloyd Stephens and Frederick <unk> visited in 1840 , and Stephens wrote an extensive description of the site . Eduard <unk> and <unk> <unk> @-@ Sachs investigated the monuments at Toniná , publishing their reports at the turn of
He said the trust had 110 more frontline staff than a year ago and planned to increase staffing
the first time we went we cut him off
 Muenich embarked upon an extensive building campaign , for which he retained Omaha architect Jacob M. Nachtigall . Born in Germany in 1874 , Nachtigall had immigrated to the United States with his family in 1883 . Initially working as a <unk> in Omaha , he had served as a draftsman for that city 's 1898 Trans @-@ Mississippi and International Exposition . He had then worked as a draftsman for Omaha architect Thomas Rogers Kimball from 1900 to 1908 ;
Man that lemonchello was strong.
 Reines participated in a number of nuclear tests , and writing reports on their results . These included Operation Crossroads at <unk> Atoll in 1946 , Operation <unk> at <unk> Atoll in 1948 , and Operation Ranger and Operation <unk> – <unk> at the Nevada Test Site . In 1951 he was the director of Operation Greenhouse series of nuclear tests in the Pacific . This saw the first American tests of boosted fission weapons , an important step towards thermonuclear weapons . He studied the effects of nuclear blasts , and co @-@ authored a paper with John von Neumann on <unk> stem formation , an important aspect
6578	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy
 John " Johnny " McNichol ( 20 August 1925 – 17 March 2007 ) was a Scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the Football League in England . An inside forward , he played more than 150 games for Brighton &
 Soon after his experimental Washington station signed on , DuMont began experimental coaxial cable <unk> between his laboratories in <unk> , New Jersey , and his two stations . It is said that one of those broadcasts on the <unk> announced that the U.S. had dropped an atomic bomb on <unk> , Japan , on August 9 , 1945 . This was later considered to be the official beginning of the DuMont Network by both Thomas T. Goldsmith , the network 's chief engineer and DuMont 's best friend , and DuMont himself . Regular network
6278	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some
Just a doggo going on his
They are always accommodating with last minute appointments, and they even remember who he is when we bring him in.
He was very straight up with me and
He had us create our
His death was sadly avoidable, he said.
I would definitely give this place more stars if it didn't take so darn long to get a single waffle even on a slow night but man
Oh, and hes got such a good heart! Doesnt he
5627	Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise
 By the time of the first round of the first multi @-@ party elections , held on 22 April 1990 , there were 33 registered parties . The most relevant parties and coalitions were the League of Communists of Croatia – Party of Democratic Changes ( the renamed Communist party ) , the Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) , and the Coalition of People 's <unk> ( KNS ) , which included the <unk> led by <unk> <unk> , and the HSS , which resumed operating in Croatia in December 1989 . The runoff election was held on 6 May 1990 . The HDZ , led by Franjo Tuđman , won ahead of the reformed Communists and the KNS . The KNS , led by <unk> <unk> @-@ <unk> and <unk> <unk> – who had led the Croatian Spring – soon splintered into individual parties . The HDZ maintained a parliamentary majority until the 2000 parliamentary election , when it was defeated by the Social Democratic Party of Croatia ( SDP ) , led by <unk> . Franjo <unk> , of the HDZ , was appointed prime minister to head a national unity government in July 1991 as the Croatian War of Independence escalated in intensity . His appointment lasted until August 1992 . During his term , Croatia 's declaration of independence from Yugoslavia took effect on 8 October 1991 . The HDZ returned
So I stood up and asked one of the other guy who was taking orders, and he then again told
We ate here a lot when my brother and my dad would come here to visit and stay at the Orleans and the food was great.
He was
 Passing well to the south of the Big Island , Lanai , Maui , Molokai , and Oahu , damage from Dot on these islands was minor . Rainfall on the Big Island peaking at 4 in ( 100 mm ) caused localized flooding in some areas , while wave damage occurred at Ka Lae and along the island 's <unk> coast . Winds at a station on Ka Lae reached 85 mph ( 140 km / h ) . Flooding also occurred on Oahu , and along the coast homes were unroofed and cars were damaged by flying projectiles after being subjected to winds estimated at 60 mph ( 95 km / h ) . Off of Lanai , a tugboat captain was indirectly killed after he slipped between two boats in rough seas while attempting to board another ship , crushing him . Another indirect death occurred on Lanai in a traffic incident resulting from Dot
 Carre 's has produced a number of notable alumni in a range of fields and professions . In politics , this includes Sir Robert <unk> ( 1872 – 1954 ) , Member of Parliament and Chairman of Kesteven County Council , and his brother Samuel ( 1870 – 1942 ) , also a Member of Parliament and businessman . The diplomat Peter Bateman ( b . 1955 ) , who served as the British Ambassador to Bolivia , <unk> and Azerbaijan , was also a pupil at the school . <unk> in the military include Air Marshal Barry North ( b . 1959 ) and Captain George Baldwin CBE DSO ( 1921 – 2005 ) , who served in World War II and as Director of Naval Air Warfare in the mid @-@ 1960s . The lawyer and <unk> John Austin ( 1613 – 1669 ) was educated at Carre 's , along with the Royalist poet Thomas <unk> ( 1632 – <unk> ) and the non
The guy I was dealing with was very good about it when I pointed out you can't confirm an amount with someone and then change it without telling them (my account guy wasn't able to be there as he'd decided to go golfing that afternoon instead)...and he agreed to hold the extra amount they hadn't told me about until after I get paid this week as a kindness.
1235	Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
The doctor begin to explain to me that I gave a vague description so he decided to list just something on my
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
His son is a waiter and his wife does the
 " He was beyond the age of fifty , he was more than fifty , and standing upright he measured about eight
Rodgers claimed the performance of the officials in his team's defeat at Manchester City on 26 December was horrendous and questioned why a Greater Manchester referee, in Bolton's Mason, was appointed to the fixture.
'Just making marks becomes an obsession,' he says.
I had the Andy's sage fried chicken Benedict and he had the
 In April 1986 Yankovic entered the recording studio to begin the sessions to his follow @-@ up to 1985 's Dare to Be Stupid . To produce the album , Yankovic brought in former The <unk> guitarist Rick <unk> , who had also produced Yankovic 's previous albums . <unk> Yankovic were Jon " Bermuda " <unk> on drums , Steve Jay on bass , and Jim West on guitar . The album was recorded in roughly three sessions . The first session took place between April 22 and 23 , and yielded four originals : " Don 't Wear Those Shoes " , " One of Those Days " , " Dog Eat Dog " , and " Christmas at Ground Zero " . The second session , which spanned August 4 – 5 , produced three parodies : " Living with a Hernia " , " Addicted to Spuds " , and " Here 's Johnny " . The final session , which lasted from August 29 to September 1 produced the parody " <unk> People " , an original song named " Good Enough for Now " , and the album 's titular polka medley . <unk> , Yankovic described the record as " not a whole lot different than " the other albums he had recorded , calling the
We took our 6 month old shih-poo for a bath after his
10184	Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to
 Among his Maryland teammates and coaches , Turner earned a reputation as an <unk> " laid @-@ back " Californian and for remaining calm under pressure . After the 2007 win over Rutgers , offensive tackle Scott <unk> described his roommate Turner as " real calm [ in the <unk> ] . . . He would say , '
Mr Eich's 2008 donation only became public in 2012 but sparked controversy, which has now risen to a roar among employees and some gay technology entrepreneurs with his appointment
 Batou tries to <unk> the dive , but the Puppet Master ghost @-@ <unk> him . <unk> from Section 6 arrive with orders to destroy everyone inside to cover up Project 2501 . The Puppet Master <unk> their targeting systems . As he starts merging with Kusanagi ,
Well there was one breast so my hubby got screwed but he is willing to eat dark meat too.
Defensive problems may demand that John
Tony immediately sells one of the ornaments for $400, getting his
 This rail is related to the New Guinea flightless rail , Megacrex <unk> , and the chestnut rail , <unk> <unk> , all three <unk> genera probably being derived from <unk> ancestors . <unk> <unk> argued that the genus Megacrex was so similar to Habroptila that Megacrex should be considered a junior synonym of Habroptila , resulting in two species in the genus . This was further <unk> in Sidney Dillon Ripley 's 1977 <unk> of the <unk> ; he included Habroptila within the large genus <unk> . This suggestion was , however , not accepted by <unk> <unk> <unk>
 The introduction to the book includes an analysis by the author of Van Morrison 's skill to use " the stuff of his life " . Turner compares Van Morrison with other musicians of the time period , including Robbie Robertson , Bob Dylan , and Neil Young . The book 's 10 chapters contain a pictorial overview of the musician 's professional work . The book 's chapters are structured according to record releases of the musician . Pictures include images from locations where Van Morrison grew up in Belfast ,
The hotel is older, but everyone there was so nice--from the maid to the front desk to the omelette station guy and everyone in between.
Ninety minutes later Costa was offered a contract at Sporting Braga, one of the Portuguese clubs with strong links to Mendes, and duly moved to Europe on his own aged
He obviously lost his mind.
PA Terry was nice (I think that's his name),
My dog was trembling and hiding from them (not their fault he is afraid of the world) and they were patient and through.
As we left he made
 The Bath Assembly Rooms , designed by John Wood , the Younger in 1769 , are
 The episode was met with mixed to positive reviews from critics . Tom <unk> , in his book Examination : An <unk> Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X @-@ Files wrote positively of the episode , saying , " ' S.R. 819 ' re @-@ established some wonderful conspiracy overtones and perhaps set the stage for more interesting developments in the future . It touched base with the very roots The X @-@ Files sprung out of and did so in strong fashion . " Todd VanDerWerff of The <unk> Club gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it a " B " . He enjoyed the plot , calling it " fun " , praised the twist ending , and called the nanobot makeup effects " legitimately terrifying " . He did , however , write critically of Skinner 's role in the episode , noting that his lack of presence made the entry a " disappointing one " . In addition , VanDerWerff criticized the fact that the teaser shows Skinner dying ; he wrote that " [ t ] here ’ s very little gas in the idea of Skinner dying " and
He then asked if I could move down a seat so a buddy of his could sit with him, and I told him no because the only
Mr Caldecott, who is in Australia for two weeks for a series of lectures and meetings with investors and politicians about his research, said that moves by large funds to exclude coal stocks from
And uh, Liam, Liams got bad knees. You hit him right and hell go
When you look at his tweets, they have no truck with hot-dogs or de-caf (cafaearia potio
1854	In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's
Our group worked well together and with a little assistance from our driver (Joe, I think his
Oh no sir we are sorry..you know we want to keep th game open...i said I don't know anything of the sort..I got up and cashed out...in all the years I have gambled...I have NEVER
 Cottam graduated from the Film and Television Production program at the <unk> School of the Arts of New York University . Cottam 's thesis work at <unk> was titled Beer <unk> , the film received the Best Editing award at the First Run Film Festival and was featured at the Chicago and New York Underground Film Festivals . He received a Bachelor of
So mad my son had to endure this icky hotel.
It is logical to assume that a merger like this could mean substantial cost savings, and cost savings could mean job losses, he said.
 In 1873 , the building was renamed Little Rock Barracks and used as a barracks for married officers and their families . The building was drastically altered the inside and outside . Prior to renovation , a rear basement door provided the only entrance to the building , while the tower served as a hoist to move munitions between floors . By 1868 , front and rear <unk> had been added to the building , as well as interior walls and stairs , some of which remain today , including the central staircase . In 1880 , Douglas MacArthur was born on the northwest upper floor of this building while his father , Captain Arthur MacArthur , was stationed there
 In early 1679 Governor John Leverett died , and Bradstreet as deputy succeeded him . Leverett had opposed accommodation of the king 's demands , and the change to an <unk> leadership was too late . Bradstreet would turn out to be the last governor under its original charter . His deputy , Thomas <unk> was from the commonwealth faction . During his tenure , crown agent Edward Randolph was in the colony , attempting to enforce the Navigation Acts , under which
Keith Dodd, chairman of the Hereford United Independent Supporters Club,
 One of Busch 's notable stories is Der <unk> ( 1865 ) , which describes the life of a pianist who plays privately for an excited listener . <unk> the self @-@ <unk> artist 's attitude and his overblown adoration , it varies from Busch 's other stories as each scene does not contain prose , but is defined with music terminology , such as " <unk> " , " <unk> " and " <unk> <unk> " . As the scenes increase in tempo , each part of his body and <unk> run around . The penultimate scene again depicts the pianist 's movements , with score sheets floating above the grand piano on which musical notes are dancing . Over the years graphic artists have been fascinated by Der
But to each his own, people have different
Last week, George Osborne was confronted by a forecast that the public finances will be £20bn shy of his last estimate, largely because low productivity will slow the recovery and rob him of
He also said the coffee was worse than
2446	Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
 On October 6 , 1993 , Jordan announced his retirement , citing a loss of desire to play the game . Jordan later stated that the murder of his father earlier in the year also shaped his decision . Jordan 's father was murdered on July 23 , 1993 , at a highway rest area in <unk> , North Carolina , by two teenagers , Daniel Green and Larry Martin <unk> . The <unk> were traced from calls they made on James Jordan 's cellular phone , caught , convicted , and sentenced to life in prison . Jordan was close to his father ; as a child he had imitated his father 's <unk> to stick out his tongue while absorbed in work . He later adopted it as his own signature , displaying it each time he
I tried to pay for part of it and he was very firm that this was on him.
 Cullen made his NHL debut in 1988 – 89 , appearing in 79
 Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney − Justice for All is the second entry in the series . It was originally released for the Game Boy Advance in 2002 in Japan ; it has also been released for the Nintendo DS in 2006 , Microsoft Windows in 2008 , and the Wii in 2010 . 
Now Davie is on his way back, with renewed critical interest,
 " One day , [ Chou ] T 'ung gathered his pupils for an archery session and to display his ability put three arrows in succession into the center of the target . Pointing to the target to show grandfather [ Yue Fei ] , he said : ' After you can perform like this , you can say you are an archer ' . <unk> , thanked him and asked to be allowed to try . He drew his
Drove 40 min to get my nails done every two weeks by Kevin because he
He will call about political issues, he will call about candidates, he will call
 May 3 , 2006 , was the premiere of Dylan 's radio presenting career , hosting a weekly radio program , Theme Time Radio Hour , for <unk> <unk> Radio , with song selections revolving around a chosen theme . Dylan played classic and obscure records from the 1930s to the present day , including contemporary artists as diverse as <unk> , Prince , <unk> Cool J and the Streets . The show was praised by fans and critics as " great radio , " as Dylan told stories and made eclectic references with his sardonic humor , while achieving a thematic beauty with his musical choices . In April 2009 , Dylan broadcast the 100th show in his radio series ; the theme was " <unk> " and the final record played was Woody Guthrie 's " So Long , It 's Been
He said the
 Jean @-@ Marc <unk> and Randy <unk> described the story as " a thinly @-@ disguised remake of Cigars of the Pharaoh " , an Adventure of Tintin which had been first serialised in 1934 . Both feature the smuggling of opium , in crab tins and cigars respectively , and " desert <unk> , hostile tribes and , at the end , the infiltrating of a secret underground lair . " They also opined that artistically , the story represented " a turning point in Hergé 's career " , because he had to switch to a daily format in Le Soir , although as a result of this they felt that the final third of the
And the guy was very stingy with
 Stansfield suffered from persistent abdominal pain in the early part of 2010 , and was admitted to hospital for tests at the end of March . On 8 April 2010 , Exeter City confirmed to the media that he had been diagnosed with a form of colorectal cancer . Manager Paul <unk> told local news programme BBC Spotlight that " there 's little good on this subject " , but " if there 's someone who can deal with it and meet it head on with real purpose , Adam 's the man
Says he has to order the part and could
It had been a truly heroic performance but then, seconds after fourth official Norbert Hauata had lifted his board to indicate five minutes of added time, the ball fell to Lionel Messi.
"Guy ran into our recycling bin. Brick we were using to keep it shut slid off the bin and onto his hood, damaged it. He wants us to
In the end he
UPDATE: Meeting with my [23F] ex-boyfriend [23M] this week before he moves away. Not sure
We pull up to the parking lot each week and he
 By 1948 , Braathens SAFE 's routes were so regular that several countries stated that a bilateral agreement would have to be negotiated for them to continue . However , the concession that had been granted to DNL did not allow Braathens to fly any scheduled flights . Braathens SAFE applied for fifteen @-@ year concession on 5 February 1948 ; Minister of Transport Nils Langhelle from the Labor Party knew that he would be violating DNL 's concession by granting Braathens SAFE a concession , but at the same time he was worried that Braathens SAFE could easily flag out to another country , from which DNL would receive no protection . The exception in DNL 's concession could not be used , since DNL declared that they , through the Scandinavian cooperation Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) , were planning to start
A few moments later he returns will
7694	I still ca n't relate to Stuart : He 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him
He was a loyal friend and father, brother and son who
After a little more research, I found out that T-Mobile actually has cheaper interwebs plans for no-contract phones, which this guy totally
As the paintings got bigger, the colours brighter and the prices higher, the sax-blowing, glider-flying, E-type-driving artist became a staple of the newly created colour supplements, and saw his paintings featured in
Didnt your dad
I texted Tim and he responded promptly, he
Always returns my calls quickly and gets the work done so my son can see whatever specialist he needs to see in a timely
He's got to be in his 80's, and there he is sitting
 It is unclear when the Qedarites ceased to exist as a separately defined confederation or people . Allies with the Nabataeans , it is likely that they were absorbed into the <unk> state around the 2nd century CE . In Islam , <unk> 'il is considered to be the ancestral <unk> of the Arab people , and in traditional Islamic historiography , Muslim historians have assigned great importance in their accounts to his first two sons ( Nebaioth and Qedar ) , with the genealogy of Muhammad , a <unk> of God in Islam , alternately assigned to one or the other son , depending on
Why dont we, why dont we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial,
I [27F] found topless photos of my fiancés [27M] friend on his phone.
 After the first game 's development was finished , <unk> told Takumi that they should make an Ace Attorney trilogy , with a grand finale in the third game 's last case . Takumi had originally planned to let Edgeworth be the prosecutor in all episodes in the second game , but during the production the development team learned that the character had become popular . This led to Takumi feeling that he had to use the character more carefully and <unk> ; he created the new prosecutor character <unk> von <unk> , to save Edgeworth for the game 's last case , and avoid a situation where he – a supposed <unk> – loses every case . As Takumi wanted the three first Ace Attorney games to be parts of a larger work , he avoided making a lot of changes between games : art from the first game for main
 England had wins against Southern Hemisphere teams in the 1970s ; with victories over South Africa in 1972 , New Zealand in 1973 and Australia in 1973 and 1976 . The 1972 Five Nations Championship was not completed due to the Troubles in Northern Ireland when Scotland and Wales refused to play their Five Nations away fixtures in Ireland . England played in Dublin in 1973 and were given a standing ovation lasting five minutes . After losing 18 – 9 at Lansdowne Road , the England captain , John <unk> famously stated , " We might not be very good but at least we turned up . " 
 Federer won in Cincinnati , beating Novak Djokovic soundly in the final . In the US Open , five @-@ time <unk> Federer was defeated by Tomáš Berdych in the quarterfinals . In the Shanghai <unk> Masters , defeating Stan Wawrinka in the third round , Federer confirmed his 300th week at No. 1 . Federer made it to the finals of the ATP World Tour Finals , where he lost to Novak Djokovic in two tight sets . 
It is really sad because I would of never treated him like that if he came into my place of employment.. and I did tip well on a 20.00 bill
His quote was fair
Photos had been circulating on social media showing a man in his 20s holding a
 At the start , Nico Rosberg got around the outside of Hamilton in turn one , while Räikkönen lost positions due to a slow getaway . Sebastian Vettel got past Verstappen , but was immediately <unk> on the approach to turn four . At the front of the race , coming out of turn three Hamilton and Rosberg collided ending the race of both Mercedes drivers . The collision resulted in a safety car period , with the order standing : Ricciardo , Verstappen , Sainz , Vettel and Räikkönen . The safety car came in at the end of lap four . Vettel got past Sainz on lap eight and Räikkönen tried to follow suit two laps later , but was forced off track into turn two . He completed the move one lap later at the same spot . Sainz and Button were the first to come into the pits for new tyres on lap 12 , followed by race leader Ricciardo one lap later , making Verstappen the first Dutchman to lead a Grand Prix , before he came in another lap later . When Vettel made a pit stop on lap 16 , he emerged third behind the
OMG this plate was so huge and he had a half of a pig head on his plate, teeth and
We wait 15 minute past pick up before we call and when we did they said oh he is on his way....after being late 45 minutes they finally
Dr John McCauley, director of the WHO[World Health Organization] Collaborating Centre for Influenza,
 Continuing a theme of his presidency , in 2006 Mosley called for Formula One manufacturers to develop technology relevant to road cars . In recent years , a large proportion of the enormous budget of Formula One has been spent on the development of very powerful , very high @-@ <unk> engines , which some say have little <unk> to road cars . Mosley has announced a 10 @-@ year freeze on the development of engines , which would allow manufacturers to spend more of their budgets on environmentally friendly technology such as the <unk> Energy Recovery System ( <unk> ) introduced in 2009 . In July 2008 , he sent a letter to the Formula One teams , in
Starting talking bad about me to his friends and called
10732	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
 Woodhouse began his football career at York City 's centre of excellence in 1994 , before being transferred to Sheffield United for an initial compensation fee of £ 2 @,@ 200 . Sheffield United and York City later agreed on an additional £ 15 @,@ 000 fee plus a five @-@ percentage sell @-@ on clause . He made his debut for Sheffield United at the age of 17 , coming on as a 79th @-@ minute substitute in a 1 – 0 home win against Crewe Alexandra in the First Division on 29 November 1997 . He made a total of nine First Division appearances in the 1997 – 98 season . Woodhouse holds the record for being the club 's youngest ever captain , aged 19 . He earned a call @-@ up to the England under @-@ 21 team , and made his debut in a
 " The Wave " was written and produced by Miike Snow 's three members : Christian Karlsson , Pontus Winnberg and Andrew Wyatt . The song was recorded alongside the rest of their second studio album Happy to You ( 2012 ) during the second half of 2011 . The band had more " creative freedom " while making the album , compared to their 2009 self @-@ titled debut album . They felt they could " plan the process more " , which included inviting the Swedish Army drum corps to play military drums on several tracks , such as " The Wave " . Karlsson told Billboard that his favorite part of the song occurs during the second verse , in which all band members are hitting the drums simultaneously . " We hit anything we could hit at the same time ... and it sounded kind of cool " , he said . Nils <unk> is credited for playing the drums , while David <unk> ,
His excuse was that Mr Wynn was going to coming in for
My [29f] boyfriend [29m] of one year told me that he's unsure of marrying me because he might
The theater is small so you get to see all the tricks up close and yet we cannot work out how he did any of these - especially the gold
 Ransome argues that Wilde freed himself by abandoning the melodrama , the basic structure which <unk>
'It's an urge, an intensity, a kind of sexual need,' he said, when I went to see him
When we inquired about him, we learned his name was Tim and he
 The creation of Illinois marked a shift in Stevens ' emphasis on songwriting and studio work toward live performance and more abstract concepts of motion and sound — subsequent tours and albums emphasized electronic music and modern dance over the indie folk material on Michigan and Illinois . He has ceased writing songs about individual characters with straightforward narratives or concept albums and briefly considered quitting the music business entirely after creating and promoting this album . He also found that the way in which he listened to
He said that principals and teachers needed the time and space to absorb and implement the initiatives that had already been introduced and ensure their primary focus remained on their primary responsibility, providing high-quality teaching.
He did not agree with Bert on the lotion issue and
 Other parts of the Waterfall Gully area were subdivided , though , and much of the area was owned by Samuel Davenport . Davenport used the land for timber , grazing , and the cultivation of various crops , including olives and grapes for wine production . Other local residents ran market gardens and nurseries . For example , local residents Wilhelm Mügge and his wife Auguste Schmidt operated " one of the best nurseries and market gardens near Adelaide " , and gained a reputation for the <unk> produced from their local dairy farm . Along with farming , the hills and creek were prized areas for the <unk> and <unk> , and a number of mines were established in the region from the mid @-@ to @-@ late 19th century . In 1844 the first silver @-@ lead , <unk> and iron mines were established in the area , while the 1890s saw a minor gold rush — although " only small quantities were extracted " . Of greater success was stone quarrying in Chambers ' Gully , which began
I reported what happened to me to the manager and they sent out an inspector or some guy to come check our
 After informing the <unk> about the true nature of the Key , Ruwan volunteers to " give " the Key to the Covenant . He is captured and brought aboard a Covenant ship . While the Covenant believe he is to be rescued due to a <unk> embedded in him , Ruwan reveals he is actually a target . A <unk> takes aim at his position and destroys the ship
 Despite the slump , Fowler rallied for the following campaign , and showed a marked improvement in the second half of the 2004 – 05 season , scoring his 150th Premiership goal in the 3 – 2 win over Norwich City on 28 February 2005 . However , his failure to convert a 90th @-@ minute penalty kick against Middlesbrough 's Mark <unk> in the final game of the season prevented Manchester City from gaining a place in the UEFA Cup . Despite this , Fowler ended the season as the club 's joint top goal scorer and gained the approval of the fans , finishing in the top three in the fans ' Player of the Year poll . Fowler later described this as " one of the
Boy
It lasted my whole meal and that was with my man
5494	Even when he 's not at his most
 Following the murder of Pryce , his friends and family set up The Tom ap Rhys Pryce Memorial Trust to enable individuals who could not otherwise afford it to achieve their potential by gaining access to appropriate educational facilities . It aims to raise at least £ <unk>
He was great to talk too and made
"I'm paid up. I'm a good tenant. Landlord and son packed up my entire apartment while I was
 The official soundtrack of Pokiri was composed by Mani Sharma , with lyrics written by <unk> , <unk> and <unk> . Jagannadh wanted Sharma to compose six songs , with two duets between the lead pair , three solo numbers by the male lead , and an item number . During the shoot of <unk> ( 2003 ) , Jagannadh listened to the song " Listen to the Falling Rain " which sounded like the song " Gala Gala <unk> <unk> " from the Telugu film <unk> ( 1974 ) . He later came to learn that the latter song was inspired by the former , and he decided to reuse the same tune with modernised instruments and different lyrics
2269	Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian
Tonight we find big-bearded bargain hunter Tony and his pal Codfish scouring the latest issue of Uncle Henry's.
Overall, I think he is the best here in Vegas.
Props to Bobby Flay for a good restaurant and bigger props to his chefs for
8989	Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz
 Staley met guitarist Jerry Cantrell while working with Alice N ' Chains at Music Bank rehearsal studios . The two struggling musicians became roommates , living in a rehearsal space they shared . Alice N ' Chains soon disbanded , and Staley joined a funk band that also required a guitarist at the time . Staley asked Cantrell to join as a <unk> . Cantrell agreed on condition that Staley join Cantrell 's band , which at the time included drummer Sean Kinney and bassist Mike Starr . Eventually the funk project broke up , and in 1987 Staley joined Cantrell 's band on a full @-@ time basis , playing in clubs around the Pacific Northwest , often stretching 15 minutes of material into a 45 @-@ minute set . The band played a couple of gigs , calling themselves different <unk> , including Diamond Lie , the name of Cantrell 's previous band , before eventually adopting the name that
"[PA] Boss says he'll ""have me fired"" if I don't loan him money. Will I
 Barrow returned to baseball in 1910 as president of the Eastern League . After a seven @-@ year tenure , Barrow managed the Red Sox from 1918 through 1920 , leading the team to victory in the 1918 World Series . When Red Sox owner Harry Frazee began to sell his star players , Barrow joined the Yankees . During his quarter @-@ century as their baseball operations chief , the Yankees won 14 AL <unk> and 10 World Series titles
I'm the last guy in the world who will piss and moan when veteran artists throw in new songs because I think it's awesome that they continue
I can say with 100% certainty that Todd and his team of stylists are THE BEST in the
When we arrived in the lumber section a guy came and asked us what we were looking for, I told him and he opened the gate.
The dentist called after he saw the review and explained that the reason why he filled my top tooth was because it's a canine tooth and he filled
The bar tender noticed the unfinished cup cake and offered to replace it- he then got me the red velvet which was Yumm.
 In the early 1970s , critics charged that Dylan 's output was varied and unpredictable . Rolling Stone writer Greil Marcus asked " What is this shit ? " on first listening to Self Portrait , released in June 1970 . Self Portrait , a double LP including few original songs , was poorly received . In October 1970 , Dylan released New Morning , considered a return to form . This album included " Day of the <unk> " , a song in which Dylan gave an account of receiving an honorary degree from Princeton University on June 9 , 1970 . In November 1968 , Dylan had co @-@ written " I 'd Have You <unk> " with George Harrison ; Harrison recorded " I 'd Have You <unk> " and Dylan 's " If Not for You " for his 1970 solo triple album All Things Must Pass . Dylan 's surprise appearance at Harrison 's 1971 Concert for Bangladesh attracted media coverage , reflecting that Dylan 's live appearances had become
He did some cool
He gave like a huff, as though I was bothering him.
 The following evening , Nixon decided that " We would go for broke " and gave his authorization for the incursion . The joint U.S. / ARVN campaign would begin on 1 May with the stated goals of : reducing allied casualties in South Vietnam ; assuring the continued withdrawal of U.S. forces ; and enhancing the U.S. / Saigon government position at the peace negotiations in Paris .
10672	Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his
 The influence of Dutch painters is clearly visible in Busch 's work . " <unk> diluted and shortened ( ... ) but still <unk> " , wrote Paul <unk> after visiting a Busch memorial exhibition in 1908 . A strong influence on Busch was <unk> <unk> , whose themes were farming and inn life , <unk> dances , card players , smokers , drunkards and <unk> . He dismissed the techniques of <unk> with its strong preoccupation with the effect of light , and used new colours , such as <unk> Yellow , and photographs , as an aid . The landscapes from the mid @-@ 1880s show the same broad <unk> as seen in the paintings of the young Franz von <unk> . Busch refused to exhibit work even though he was befriended by many artists of the Munich School , which would have allowed him to do so ; it was not until near the end of his life
 Loni Dunamis ( <unk> ・ <unk> , <unk> <unk> ) is a young man raised alongside Kyle , being considered a brother by him . A member of the Atamoni <unk> , the military branch of the Order of Atamoni , he has a firm and steady personality that <unk> against Kyle 's <unk> . Loni is voiced by <unk> <unk> . 
 The trial of the two defendants opened on 30 October 2006 at the Central Criminal Court before Mr Justice Aikens and a jury . Throughout the trial Brown declared that it was Carty who had stabbed Pryce and that it had simply been a ' robbery gone bad ' . This led to an alleged attack on Brown by three youths at <unk> Young <unk> Institution during the trial , in which his attackers reportedly said : " You are <unk> on your co @-@ d ( co @-@ defendant ) . " Carty denied any involvement in the incident , claiming it had been the result of an argument Brown had with the youths earlier . On 27 November 2006 , Carty and Brown were convicted of murder . Carty and Brown reacted
 When Tintin in the Congo was first released by the series ' Scandinavian publishers in 1975 , they objected to page 56 , where Tintin drills a hole into a live rhinoceros , fills it with dynamite , and blows it up . They asked Hergé to replace this page with a less violent scene , which they believed would be more suitable for children . Hergé agreed , as he regretted the scenes of big @-@
 Wheeler was impatient to start excavations , and in July 1921 started a six @-@ week project to excavate at the Roman fort of Segontium ; accompanied by his wife , he used up his holiday to oversee the project . A second season of excavation at the site followed in 1922 . <unk> influenced by the writings of the archaeologist Augustus Pitt @-@ Rivers , Wheeler emphasised the need for a strong , developed methodology when undertaking an archaeological excavation , believing in the need for strategic planning , or what he termed " controlled discovery " , with clear objectives in mind for a project . Further emphasising the importance of prompt publication of research results , he wrote full seasonal reports for <unk> <unk> before publishing a full report , Segontium and the Roman Occupation of Wales . Wheeler was keen on training new generations of archaeologists , and two of the most prominent students to excavate with him at Segontium were Victor Nash @-@ Williams and Ian
He was so nice as well.
 Samora Machel became Mozambique 's first president . The Reverend <unk> Simango , his wife , and other FRELIMO dissidents were arrested in 1975 and detained without trial . Within about two years , fighting resumed
 At the same time , Henry and his descendants normally followed the will of the courts , despite the fact they were theoretically not bound by judges . William Holdsworth <unk> that by regularly asking the legal officers of the crown and judiciary for legal advice and consent , Henry recognised the need for a stable government to follow the law . He also contends that the view that the law is supreme over all " was the view of all the leading lawyers and <unk> and <unk> of the Tudor period " . It was accepted that while the King had " <unk> discretion " , he was limited in
 Filming began on October 4 , 2004 and continued until October 12 . Despite the desert locations , all filming took place on soundstages . These represented a variety of places throughout the Vulcan desert @-@ like Forge . The remaining sets used were either standing sets , or those which had been constructed for the previous two episodes . The exceptions to that were two sets to represent scenes on board Commander Shran 's Andorian vessel . The Andorian bridge set , which had been used previously in the series , had a single wall brought out of storage in order to appear as a backdrop for Shran when he appears on the Enterprise <unk> . The Andorian brig was built specifically for this episode for scenes with Shran and Soval . 
We even were able to bring home some leftovers, which my guy was really happy about, because he
 John went to France to recruit warriors to accompany him to Constantinople . Pope Gregory did not proclaim John 's expedition to the Latin Empire a crusade , but promised papal privileges granted to crusaders to those who joined him . During his stay in France , John was again an <unk> between local <unk> and signed a peace treaty between Louis IX of France and Hugh X of <unk> . He returned to Italy in late 1230 . John 's envoys signed a treaty
When they found it, it was damaged, and he gave me his business card and told me to send him the bill and he'd pay
He waiter just seemed put
He seemed annoyed that I asked, grabbed a small, unmarked clear plastic container and handed
He
Our bus driver was ok.  His name is
 Murray lavished praise on the Anzac Mounted Division in cables to the Governors General of Australia and New Zealand and in his official <unk> and in letters to
And if that's not a dream, he thought, I don't know what is.
I called and ten minutes later he
We were skeptical of a couple of the plants that Justin recommended, but he assured us
 Sir <unk> , the Director General of the Archaeological Survey of India , in the 1940s saw a few <unk> of Arikamedu site displayed in the Madras Museum , which he identified as <unk> ware , an expensive ceramic made until 50 CE in <unk> , Italy . Thereafter , when he visited the Pondicherry Museum and saw more of the findings from the Arikamedu site , he was impressed and thought that he had found the links between the Classical Mediterranean and Ancient India . Soon thereafter in 1945 , the penultimate year of World War II , he mounted excavations in a scientific manner . He was looking for an archaeological site in India that could establish its cultural link , a <unk> of the Indian antiquities to the Greco @-@ Roman period , and this quest led him to the Arikamedu site . These excavations also involved Indian archaeologists ,
 On the morning of 27 June , Prpić launched a three @-@ <unk> assault to clear the routes to Nevesinje . Prohaska commanded the push east along the Mostar – Nevesinje road by a force close to two battalions , Francetić led his unit of Ustaše north from Berkovići through the mountains via Odžak to approach Nevesinje from the south , and two companies of the 11th Battalion thrust southwest along the road from Plužine . Once this task was complete
Obama has made a point recently of aligning himself with Francis, with the White House saying the
 In late 1980 , Dylan briefly played concerts billed as " A Musical <unk> " , restoring popular 1960s songs to the repertoire . Shot of Love , recorded early the next year , featured his first secular compositions in more than two years , mixed with Christian songs . " Every
9297	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes
Mike, the master luthier at N'SF, completely refretted the fret board (as he said, I had worn "canyons" in the old ones), rehumidified it, repaired a crack in the body that I hadn't even noticed until he pointed it out, and--just because they do awesome service at N'SF--he
"[AUS, NSW] Dad used
 In 1995 , Reines was honored , along with Martin L. <unk> with the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work with Cowan in first detecting the neutrino . Unfortunately , Cowan had died in 1974 , and the Nobel Prize is not awarded posthumously . Reines also received many other awards , including the J. Robert <unk> Memorial Prize in 1981 , the National Medal of Science in 1985 , the Bruno Rossi Prize in 1989 , the <unk> – Morley Award in 1990 , the <unk> Prize in 1992 , and the Franklin Medal in 1992 . He was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1980 and a foreign member of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1994 . He
Mr Levine was not the inventor of the iconic toy, that was merchandiser Stan Weston, but he saw its potential
 The bay has been strategically important for the military . General Zachary Taylor stationed his men on <unk> Point during the Mexican @-@ American War , and a Union invasion was halted by Confederates on the same point in 1862 , during the American Civil War . The Port of Corpus Christi was used by the Confederates to bring in supplies during the war effort until the Union bombarded Corpus Christi and occupied the bay and port from 1863 to 1870 . In 1940 , the Naval Air Station Corpus Christi was established on the bay , and by 1944 had transformed into a major base with one main air station and six additional stations . Notably , during a March 1960 practice run from the base , future Senator John McCain lost track of his altitude and speed , and his single @-@ seat , single @-@ <unk> @-@ engine AD @-@ 6 <unk> crashed into Corpus Christi Bay and sank to the bottom . He squeezed out of the cockpit , swam ten feet to the surface ,
 The first series featured the <unk> head of a cat named " <unk> " who provided links , but this was dropped after one series . It was replaced by commentator Mitch Johnson , who , as well as providing commentary and links for each item , would interact with both audience and presenters too . From the second series , two puppet <unk> , later named as Sage and <unk> became regulars . They were played by Don Austen and John Eccleston , and were designed and built by Darryl <unk> Studios . They performed comedy sketches throughout the morning , and often interacted with the people in the studio . Another comedy character who first appeared in the third series was Mr
After laying back down to attempt to go back to sleep, there was pounding on the door and there was a man in the hall in front of my door who looked shirtless.
 The first dent in this stability came about in <unk> , with the Case of <unk> . James VI and I claimed that as monarch , he had a divine right to sit as a judge and interpret the common law as he saw fit . <unk> by Sir Edward
 The Litigators is said to be " an amusing and appalling look into the machinations of a nationwide class @-@ action suit , " according to <unk> Harshaw of Bloomberg <unk> The Wall Street Journal 's Christopher John Farley noted that the book is lighter than Grisham 's other works . Publishers Weekly called it a " <unk> farcical look at lawyers at the bottom of the food chain " . CNN described the book as an original perspective of " the best and worst the American system of justice has to offer " . Louis <unk> of The Washington Post , who described himself as someone who abandoned Grisham after his first three novels , noted that this book might be a good starting
He provided many options and when I asked for his recommendation on the first option, he provided his input.
 But he failed to ensure the fighting qualities of these soldiers earned them a proportionate share of
 The notion that Vikings used A. muscaria to produce their <unk> <unk> was first suggested by the Swedish professor Samuel <unk> in 1784 . <unk> based his theories on reports about the use of fly agaric among Siberian shamans
He confirmed I had
Overall the dish was too salty for me, and a bit too rich as well....Though my friend enjoyed his shrimp and sausage dish very much.
I ask a guy for the keys and as he hands me my keys, he notices some nasty rag sitting
The ladies tend to be transgendered or transvestities, so if you're a straight guy on the prowl,
We go back to the kiosk and show the associate and he said it was probably the towel he used cause it was new and possibly still bleeding, and he will just clean the whole shoe
Probably one of the workers was the helpful until someone cut him off and told him that there was nothing they could do.
Well, Ill tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left
The guy at
He had already ruined
The filters were quickly changed and he have great instructions on how to purge
 Weir returned to Australia at his own request in late 1916 at the age of 50 , and in 1917 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order and was mentioned in dispatches for his performance at Pozières and Mouquet Farm . He went on
But he
 It was probably a similar <unk> that led Meyerbeer never to enter public controversy with those who slighted him , either professionally or personally , although he occasionally displayed his <unk> in his <unk> ; for example , on hearing Robert Schumann conduct in 1850 : ' I saw for the first time the man who , as a critic ,
 His third novel , Nanyang , is a historical saga about the multi @-@ racial people who inhabit the lands of the ' Southern Ocean ' , as early Chinese migrants called Malaya and Singapore . It was
He was so bubbly
I wasn't thrilled with the dessert options, but I asked the waiter which dessert was his favorite, and he chose
 The club won their first FA Cup in 1887 with captain Archie Hunter becoming one of the game 's first household names . Aston Villa were one of the dozen teams that competed in the inaugural Football League in 1888 with
2 min later he walked pasted us and thanked
 According to John S. Clark , a surveyor and historian active in the area until the early twentieth century , the topography and size of the site were appropriate to correspond with Brûlé 's description of Carantouan ; Brûlé described a <unk> town , populated by approximately 800 warriors and 4 @,@ 000 individuals in total . He also described the dwellings and fortifications as being similar to those utilized by the <unk> people . Clark 's conclusions were based in part on surveys he conducted at the site in 1878 , when he observed what he believed were fortifications atop the hill . Amateur archaeologist <unk>
Cipriani is now happy to stand and defend; he
Great quality of shoes for a great price lower then competitors.. the man that works there (didn't get his name) helped
The doctor has since called and emailed me and asked if there is anything that he can do (I can't imagine there is so I rudely didn't respond) and while it is not likely I would ever go back I really appreciate his efforts.
 Like Percy <unk> Shelley ’ s " To a <unk> " , Keats ’ s narrator listens to a bird song , but listening to the song within “ Ode to a Nightingale ” is almost painful and similar to death . The narrator seeks to be with the nightingale and abandons his sense of vision in order to embrace the sound in an attempt to
He added The community is very angry about it and they said we don't trust Channel 4 and that without a written apology the community won't take part
 In 1960 , the Singing Cadets next director , Robert L. Boone , expanded the group 's national recognition . The group performed its first telecast in 1963 during the nationally televised Miss Teenage America pageant . For the next 8 years , the group served as contestant escorts , performers , and background for the show . They met Sergio Franchi during the December 10 , 1970 pageant . Subsequently , the group appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show with Sergio Franchi singing " No Man is An Island " on January 24 , 1971 . However , they did not get to appear on a second solo performance because an earlier show ran over the allotted time . They did , however , release a 45 rpm single " No Man Is An Island " accompanying Franchi in the same year . Later that year , the Singing Cadets were invited to the White House by Senator John Tower to sing for numerous dignitaries , including President Richard Nixon . 
Anyways, boyfriend went to get me a chicken bowl while I stayed in the car because little man was asleep.
9701	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly
 His students included Carol Brooks Gardner , Charles Goodwin , Marjorie Goodwin , John <unk>
 Jan <unk> was originally cast by producer Harry Saltzman to play Blofeld . Upon his arrival at the <unk> set , both producer Albert R. Broccoli and director Lewis Gilbert felt that he was a poor choice , resembling a " poor , benevolent Santa Claus " . Nonetheless , in an attempt to make the casting work , Gilbert continued filming . After several days , both Gilbert and Broccoli
If you are a regular guy (and don't need mimosas served as you wait for your cut) and need your hair cut at
We asked the waiter's advice as to which cheeses to choose and his
 Nathan had a strong season , as he was selected as an All @-@ Star for the 2009 MLB
 In Sir Nigel <unk> 's 1930 production at the Lyric , <unk> , John Gielgud played Jack to the Lady Bracknell of his aunt , <unk> Terry @-@ Lewis . Gielgud produced and starred in a production at the Globe ( now the Gielgud ) Theatre in 1939 , in a cast that included Edith Evans as Lady Bracknell , Joyce Carey as Gwendolen , Angela <unk> as Cecily
The reason I remember it clearly is that Frank narrowly missed decapitation when he stood up as we passed under a low bridge.
 The first glowing reports of country rich with thousands of game animals came in 1806 when Meriwether Lewis and William Clark returned from their two @-@ year expedition . Their journals described lands rich with thousands of buffalo , beaver , and river otter ; and also an abundant population of sea otters on the Pacific Northwest coast . In 1807 , explorer Manuel Lisa organized an expedition which would lead to the explosive growth of the fur trade in the upper Missouri River country . Lisa and his crew traveled up the Missouri and Yellowstone Rivers , trading manufactured items in return for furs from local Native American tribes , and established a fort at the confluence of the Yellowstone and a tributary ,
11123	And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want
 Barrow partnered with Harry Stevens in 1894 to sell concessions at baseball games . He helped George <unk> form the Interstate League , a Class @-@ C minor league , in 1894 . Barrow , with Stevens and Al <unk> , purchased the <unk> <unk> of the Interstate League in 1896 . Barrow served as field manager until the collapse of the league that season .
The only downside was the bars shutdown after he started (I'm assuming
10610	May puzzle his most ardent fans .
I didn't know that but the guy at
 Sayid sets off his bottle rocket to signal the antenna power up process . Shannon Rutherford ( Maggie Grace ) sets off Boone 's rocket from the beach , as Boone had gone to help rescue Jack , as does Sawyer from his location . Sayid turns on the <unk> , but before he is able to triangulate the signal , an unseen person knocks Sayid unconscious with a stick . 
He states there's nothing wrong with
 McGuffie transferred to the Rice Owls after the season . As a senior member of the 2009 Michigan Wolverines football team , Minor was named to a pair of watch lists : ( Doak Walker Award and Maxwell Award ) . He was also selected by ESPN as the 22nd best player and 3rd best running back ( behind Evan <unk> and John Clay ) in the Big Ten Conference before the season started . Minor missed the first game of the season due to a high ankle sprain . In the second game , which was the 2009 Michigan – Notre Dame rivalry game , he rushed for 106 yards and a touchdown on 16 carries during the 38 – 34 victory over Notre Dame . The ankle sprain hampered him much of the season and caused him to miss the October 17 game against Delaware State . He had a season @-@ high 154 @-@ yard , 3 @-@ touchdown effort against <unk> on November 7 . A
He was just as, if not more
We had ordered a wheelchair for my elderly father and they had
 <unk> <unk> said " Ever since <unk> and Magadheera did well at the box office , the rest of the industry started following their footsteps . Also , since there is an irrational craze to make high budget films right now , producers are turning towards mythological films . It is the only genre where you can <unk> of spending <unk> for creating the sets and the look of the film . But what they don 't realize is that if these films flop , the blow to the producer will be severe . " Films like <unk> O <unk> ( 2011 ) and <unk> ( 2011 ) were commercial failures and Badrinath ( 2012 ) was an average <unk> ; all being fantasy films in which the protagonist is a warrior . The promos of Badrinath looked similar to Magadheera and the former 's director V. V. <unk> along with its male lead Allu Arjun kept insisting that Badrinath is <unk> to Magadheera . Producer <unk> Kumar said " If a hero delivers a hit , producers run after him for five years and burn their fingers only after six or eight <unk> . It 's the same story with movies . Since Magadheera became
He did like the biscuits at the reception desk, taking time out of his fit to snarf one down.
Maybe he was new to
Edward is a wonderful guy to work with.
I ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one ranch and hot peppers, and I almost got charged for a water cup because I wanted one with a lid but the guy behind the register was nice enough
 The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic was reviewed by John Hutchings for the Folklore journal , the published arm of The Folklore Society . He highlighted how the work would be of benefit to folklorists , by putting various charms then in museum exhibits – such as dead cats , buried shoes and
 Running through late 1975 and again through early 1976 , the tour encompassed the release of the album Desire , with many of Dylan 's new songs featuring a <unk> @-@ like narrative style , showing the influence of his new collaborator , playwright Jacques Levy . The 1976 half of the tour was documented by a TV concert special , Hard Rain , and the LP Hard Rain ; no
 Rob Howard was born and raised in Richmond . He graduated from the University of British Columbia where he studied Urban Land Economics . He went on to work at Richmond <unk> Credit Union for almost 20 years , and in 1994 , started his own business , <unk> Real Estate Management , which specialized in Property Development and property management . He is married to Trudy and has one son , Justin ( Jay )
6837	A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy
 [ ... ] a late Islamic fabrication because of the confusion in Islamic times which made it such a <unk> term as to include the inhabitants of the south as well as the north of the Arabian Peninsula . But <unk> of this extravagance , the concept is much more modest in its <unk> , and in the <unk> sources it applies only to certain groups among the Arabs of pre @-@ Islamic times . Some important statements to this effect were made by Muhammed when he identified some Arabs as Ishmaelites and
He also gave me a great price and worked with my
Yes, he was with me for about 5 minutes, but isn't that the normal length of time for these
When I checked out I was not asked how my stay was so I vocalized my disappointment with the lack of service I received the night before and all I got was "oh ok I will let him
 By 2002 , Cantrell had finished work on his second solo album , <unk> Trip . Written in 1998 , the album 's lyrical content focused heavily on what Cantrell regarded as the demise of Alice in Chains , which still remained evident as the album approached its June 2002 release . However , in March that year , Cantrell commented , " We 're all still around , so it 's possible [ Alice in Chains ] could all do something someday , and I
9464	It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up
 The American destroyers arrived on the scene at about 17 : 00 when the U @-@ boat , U @-@ 53 under the command of <unk> Hans Rose , was in the process of stopping the Holland @-@ America Line cargo ship <unk> . Shortly after , U @-@ 53 stopped the British passenger ship <unk> . As Rose had done with three other ships U @-@ 53 had sunk earlier in the day , he gave passengers and crew aboard <unk> and <unk> adequate time to abandon the ships
I've been training with him for a while now and if you stick to the plan, you WILL see
 The Australian cricket team toured England in 1930 . Australia won the five @-@ Test series 2 – 1 , with Don Bradman scoring <unk> runs at a batting average of 139 @.@ 14 , an aggregate record that still stands . By the time of the next Ashes series of 1932 – 33 , Bradman 's average <unk> around 100 , approximately twice that of all other world @-@ class batsmen . England feared that without <unk> to drastic tactics , they might not be able to defeat Australia until Bradman — then aged 24 — retired , something that might be over a decade away . It was believed that something new was required to combat Bradman , but it was believed more likely that Bradman could be dismissed by leg @-@ spin as Walter <unk> and Ian <unk> had supposedly caused him problems ; two leg @-@ spinners were included in the English touring party of 1932 – 33 . This view gradually came to change leading up to 1932 .
Creamed cord side is additional but my son and I both
 In June 1963 , MIT received a $ 2 @.@ 2 million grant from the newly created Advanced Research <unk> Agency ( later known as DARPA ) . The money was used to fund project <unk> which subsumed the " AI Group " founded by Minsky and McCarthy five years earlier . DARPA continued to provide three million dollars a year until the 70s . DARPA made similar grants to Newell and Simon 's program at CMU and to the Stanford AI Project ( founded by John McCarthy in 1963 ) . Another important AI laboratory was established at Edinburgh University by Donald <unk> in 1965 . These four institutions would continue to be the main centers of AI research ( and funding )
 Mercer 's forced retirement from the club in 1964 signalled a period of deep turmoil . The most successful club in England was struggling to keep pace with changes in the modern game , with Villa being relegated for the third time , under manager Dick Taylor in 1967 . The following season the fans called for the board to resign as Villa finished 16th in the Second Division . With mounting debts and Villa lying at the bottom of Division Two , the board sacked Tommy Cummings ( the manager brought in to replace Taylor ) , and within weeks the entire board resigned under overwhelming pressure from fans . After much speculation , control of the club was bought by London financier Pat Matthews , who also brought in Doug Ellis as chairman . However , new ownership could not prevent Villa being relegated to the Third Division for the first time at the end of the 1969 – 70 season . However , Villa gradually began to recover under the management of former club captain Vic Crowe . In the 1971 – 72 season they returned to the Second Division as Champions with a record 70 points . In 1974 , Ron Saunders was appointed manager . His brand of no @-@ nonsense man @-@ management proved effective , with the club winning the League Cup the following season and , at the end of season 1974 – 75 , he had taken
10824	A shoddy male hip hop
The manager on duty failed to do his duties when I requested him to call security to come assist me when I was being harassed by a drunk belligerent man while in line.
Royal did not allow us to negotiate a payment plan which we all agreed on, instead he ignored
1547	Liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth ,
 Several different routes were considered for the alignment . The path ultimately selected by the state was a four @-@ lane , limited @-@ access highway 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north of the current alignment that would cost $ 5 @.@ 5 million ( 1966 USD ) . Another proposed route would have cost $ 8 million ( 1966 USD ) , containing additional grades and curves while coming closer to the Rockefeller estate . Construction on the new NY 117 was expected to begin before the end of 1966 . The reaction from area residents was mixed , with some believing that the only beneficiaries of a realigned NY 117 was the Rockefeller family . <unk> that the Rockefeller family had wanted NY 117 moved had existed as early as the 1930s , and US Representative Richard <unk> believed that Nelson Rockefeller , then the Governor of New York , was using his political power to move NY 117 away from Kykuit at
 Calvert named his son " Cecilius " ( 1605 @-@ <unk> ) for Sir Robert Cecil , first Earl of Salisbury , ( 1563 @-@ 1612 ) . <unk> to Queen Elizabeth , whom Calvert had met during an extended trip to Europe between <unk> and 1603 , after which he became known as a specialist in foreign affairs . Calvert carried a <unk> for Cecilius from Paris , and so entered
First I was told he
The lobster pho was eaten by a friend and he
Ah What a place the last  time I went there was with good old Jim S and Nico with some dates in 97 and Red Fisher of the old Montreal Star and at that time the Gazette came over as he new Jim and told us that we were the best decorated table he ever saw at Moishes .
 Stansfield earned five caps and scored one goal for the England national semi @-@ professional team . He featured in the 2002 edition of the Four Nations Tournament , and made his debut in England 's opening match , a 1 – 1 draw with Wales at York Street in Boston on 14 May . Stansfield was injured in the first half of the last match , a 2 – 0 win against Scotland at <unk> Road in Kettering on 18 May , while Wales won the title . In 2005 , while back in the Conference with Hereford , he was again called up for the tournament
The estimate he quoted was very reasonable and there
 Katrina <unk> – backing vocals on " Concerning the UFO Sighting Near Highland , Illinois " , " Come On ! Feel the Illinoise ! " , " Jacksonville " , " Prairie Fire That <unk> About " , " The Predatory Wasp of the Palisades Is Out to Get Us ! " , " The Seer 's Tower " , " The Tallest Man , the Broadest Shoulders " ,
He knows I like high chlorine in the summer and keeps
"8 year relationship. Bf (36) accuses me (28f) of always ruining his ""good time"" I just came across an odd situation and calmly asked about it."
 On 14 March 2013 , Torres scored the third goal as Chelsea defeated <unk> <unk> 3 – 1 to advance 3 – 2 on aggregate to the quarter @-@ final of the Europa League . With this goal , Torres became the first player to score in seven different competitions in one season . In April 2013 , Torres acknowledged his struggles at Chelsea , saying : " I want to do the things I used to do . I did them at Atlético , I did them at Liverpool , but I am not doing them at Chelsea " , but he vowed to " try his heart out " to regain his best form . He scored twice against Rubin <unk> in the 3 – 1 win in the first leg of the Europa League quarter @-@ final on 4 April 2013 , before scoring again in the second leg 3 – 2 defeat , with Chelsea progressing to the semi @-@ final 5 – 4 on aggregate . Torres scored the opening goal in Chelsea 's 2 – 1 triumph
 When Nesbitt was 11 years old , the family moved to Coleraine , County <unk> , where May worked for the Housing Executive . He completed his primary education at <unk> primary school , then moved on to Coleraine <unk> Institution ( <unk> ) . In 1978 , when he was 13 , his parents took him to audition for the Riverside Theatre 's Christmas production of Oliver ! . Nesbitt sang " Bohemian <unk> " at the audition and won the part of the <unk> <unk> , who he played in his acting debut . He continued to act and sing with the Riverside until he was 16 , and appeared at festivals and as an extra in Play For Today : The <unk> ( Christopher <unk> , 1984 ) . He got his <unk> card when the professional actor playing <unk> Cricket in <unk> broke his ankle two days before the performance , and Nesbitt stepped in to take his place . Acting had not initially appealed to him , but he " felt a light go on " after he saw The Winslow Boy ( Anthony Asquith , 1948 ) . When he was 15 , he got his first paid job as a <unk> <unk> at Barry 's Amusements in <unk> . He was paid £ 1 per hour for the summer job and would also , on occasions , work as the brake man
Delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.
5658	` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy
When we were greeted by our waiter he told us
I booked a couples massage for my husband and I as a special treat before our son arrives and it was absolutely
Cox said one of the arresting officers phoned him on Friday to say the
 Brazilian Foreign Minister <unk> <unk> and French Minister of State for Cooperation Alain <unk> criticised the perceived <unk> treatment for US aid arriving at the airport , though a spokesman for the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that there had been no official protest from the French government with regard to the management of the airport .
 In <unk> , King Henry III of England faced a revolt among the English barons . Anger had grown about the way the King 's officials were raising funds , the influence of his <unk> relatives at court and his unpopular Sicilian policy ; even the English Church had grievances over its treatment by the King . Within Henry 's court there was a strong feeling that the King would be unable to lead the country through these problems . On
 Helms and his friend Shannon Moore signed with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) in May 1999 . In WCW , Helms , along with Moore and Evan Karagias , formed the heel ( villainous ) stable ( faction ) 3 Count , and the trio debuted on the December 23 episode of WCW Thunder . The trio was a parody of the boy bands ' N <unk> and the <unk> Boys , and their gimmick involved making music videos and performing songs before their
8234	Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather
The sever checked on us once after we got his attention.
 Anderson has been nominated for six Academy Awards over the course of his career , while his films have earned a further fourteen Academy Award nominations
With a Will Rogers type demeanor, he will disarm you into thinking his tricks arent anything special.
10899	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously
 Fez won the <unk> Choice Award at the September 2011 Fantastic Arcade , Best in Show and Best Story / World Design at the October 2011 <unk> , and the <unk> <unk> Grand Prize at the 2012 <unk> Independent Games Festival . It was also a 2011 Penny Arcade Expo " <unk> 10 " selection . Fez was displayed in its entirety in a secluded lounge room at the October 2011 <unk> festival in Nottingham , England . Fish considered the demo their most fruitful yet . Fish told a <unk> reporter that he had received positive feedback from Independent Games Festival Chairman Brandon Boyer and <unk> designer Jonathan Blow . Near the end of development , Fish felt " burnt out " and that his personal health had
 The group received an influx of funds in the late 1970s , which it used to pay housing and other expenses . In 1985 , Nettles died , leaving Applewhite distraught and challenging his views on physical ascension . In the early 1990s the group took more steps to publicize their theology . In 1996 , they learned of the approach of Comet Hale – <unk> and rumors of an accompanying spaceship . They concluded that this spaceship was the vessel that would take their spirits on board for a journey to another planet . Believing that their souls would ascend to the spaceship and be given new bodies , the group members committed mass suicide in their mansion . A media circus followed the discovery of their bodies . In the aftermath , commentators and academics discussed how Applewhite persuaded people to follow his commands , including suicide . Some commentators attributed his followers ' willingness to commit suicide to his skill as a <unk> , while others argued that their willingness was due to their faith in the narrative that he constructed
He wouldn't even change the thermostat to confirm it was a faulty thermostat.
11294	Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
After waiting for seven minutes, I came back to discover that the barista finished his drink
Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he
 " Odaenathus " is the Roman version of the king 's name who was born Lucius Septimius Udaynath c . 220 AD . " Udaynath
 Innis 's trip to Moscow and Leningrad came shortly before U.S. – Soviet rivalry led to the hostility of the Cold War . Innis lamented this rise in international tensions . He saw the Soviet Empire as a stabilizing counterbalance to the American Empire 's emphasis on commercialism , the individual and constant change . For Innis , Russia was a society within the Western tradition , not an alien civilization . He <unk> the nuclear arms race , seeing it as the triumph of force over knowledge , a modern form of the medieval Inquisition . " The Middle Ages burned its heretics " , he wrote , " and the modern age threatens them with atom
He had the fresh pasta salad and I had the
But my amazing hair stylist said he would "just die" for anything from the Elton John Store emblazoned with "The Bitch Is
 A probable source of the tale is Petrus Alfonsi 's Disciplina <unk> , which has the same three motifs : the rash promise of the husbandman ; the wolf <unk> the moon for cheese ; and the wolf that descends into the well via a bucket , thereby trapping himself and freeing the fox . However , the discussion of legality and the questioning of language that take place alongside these motifs are entirely Henryson 's invention . Whereas the moral of Alfonsi 's tale explains that the wolf lost both the oxen and the cheese because he " relinquished what was present for what was to come " ( Latin : pro <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> ) , Henryson 's moralitas more fully
Went there when in Pittsburgh with my son visiting Pitt, had a great
 <unk> Jeff <unk> , in examining data from 266 @,@ 000 games played between 1994 and 2001 , concluded that White scored 54 @.@ 1767 % plus 0 @.@ <unk> times White 's Elo rating advantage , treating White 's rating advantage as + 390 if it is better than + 390 , or − 460 if it is worse than − 460 . He found that White 's advantage is equivalent to 35 rating points , i.e. if White has a rating 35 points
 On 12 June 2008 , while Johnston was travelling with the Britain 's Got Talent Live Tour , it was announced that Johnston had signed a record deal with Syco Music , a division of Sony BMG , and that his first album would be produced after the tour . The deal was reportedly for £ 1 million . After signing with Syco , Johnston made public appearances , including performing at Andrew Lloyd
 Fowler is best remembered for his time at Liverpool and is the sixth @-@ highest goalscorer in the history of the Premier League . He scored 183 goals in total for Liverpool , 128 of which were scored in the Premier League ( 162 Premier League goals in total ) . He earned
The room rate was cheap so I was expecting the worst but my room was clean, spacious and had a king bed in it.
 McCall was part of the coaching staff during his second spell at Bradford City , briefly serving as caretaker @-@ player manager in 2000 . He continued his coaching at Sheffield United and was assistant manager to Neil Warnock until May 2007 , when he returned to Bradford City for a third time , this time as manager . He spent two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half seasons in charge of Bradford City , leaving in February 2010 . Just before the end of 2010 , he was appointed Motherwell manager . He stayed at Fir Park for four years , helping the club finish second in the league twice . After a poor start to the 2014 – 15 season , he resigned in November 2014 . McCall was appointed manager of Rangers in March 2015 , but left the club at the end
I appreciate his attention to detail.)
 Around 10 : 00 Kemal and the 1st Battalion , 57th Infantry were the first to arrive in the area between Scrubby Knoll and Chunuk Bair . From the knoll Kemal was able to observe the landings . He ordered the artillery battery to set up on the knoll , and the 1st Battalion to attack Baby 700 and <unk> Ridge from the North @-@ East , while the 2nd Battalion would simultaneously circle around and attack Baby 700 from the West . The 3rd Battalion would for the moment be held in reserve . At 10 : 30 Kemal informed II Corps he was attacking . 
He still has a further three years remaining on his contract
 The power of expert systems came from the expert knowledge they contained . They were part of a new direction in AI research that had been gaining ground throughout the 70s . " AI researchers were beginning to suspect — <unk> , for it violated the scientific canon of <unk> — that intelligence might very well be based on the ability to use large amounts of diverse knowledge in different ways , " writes Pamela McCorduck . " [ T ] he great lesson from the 1970s was that intelligent behavior depended very much on dealing with knowledge , sometimes quite detailed knowledge , of a domain where a
 For the Diamonds World Tour , Rihanna performed " Man Down " in a Caribbean @-@ theme section of the show , which also included " You da One " , " No Love <unk> " , " What 's My Name ? " and " Rude Boy " . James <unk> of The Telegraph highlight the Caribbean @-@ themed section as the show 's highlight . Manchester Evening News writer Katie Fitzpatrick commented that Rihanna transported the
I also liked how he gave me a sense of where I should be, how I should
I wanted to see it from the inside, he said, a broom in his hand.
 Jose was responsible for six direct casualties . One of these deaths was the result of a mud slide that killed a man was in <unk> , Veracruz . The other five deaths were also due to mudslides in Oaxaca
I am sure will use his
Also, he is honest - if something won't work for
Had it not been for him having that paper they wouldn't have taken the order.
 On July 1 , David F. Tufaro , a real estate developer and lawyer from Roland Park , Maryland , announced his intention to run for the Republican Party
2198	Eyre is on his way to
A staff doesn't even know the products within his area of responsibilities.
746	Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and
He stated it got to the point where he would try to predict
I asked for my 35% food grade peroxide and he had some, and it was way cheaper than paying
DH very happy with something he thought would be bottom
Also, if you're not from Pittsburgh and you want to encounter a prime example of the fast-disappearing yinzer, workaholic culture, make sure you meet John while you're there.
I had a coupon and gave it to him along with the $20 bill when he told me
2875	The movie should be credited with remembering his
6493	The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly
Once we got his attention, we said we were on the list and he let the whole
Obesity is a far more complex problem than Professor Capewell's simplistic approach implies and trying to blame one set of products is misguided, particularly when they comprise a mere 3% of calories in the average diet, he said.
 <unk> of strength athletics , such as the World 's <unk> Man and <unk> games , often incorporate forms of <unk> carrying heavy objects as well as throwing events such as the <unk> toss and
 Uyghurs maintained that the attacks started after the night shift at around 12 @.@ 30 a.m. , when Han <unk> stormed into Uyghur dormitories and started indiscriminate and <unk> <unk> . Amateur videos posted online showed brutal attacks , and Han chasing Uyghurs through the <unk> floors . One man said that he saw that security had been overwhelmed by the arrival of outside gangs ; he said it was common knowledge that the outsiders brought in <unk> . Han and Uyghur witnesses interviewed by the foreign press thought the casualties had been understated by the authorities : a Han claimed
 The divines were even more strongly opposed to Catholicism than to William Laud and his followers , the <unk> . They associated both Catholicism and <unk> with
7127	The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
He gave me information including a
 Turner was born in <unk> Valley , California to parents John and Grace Turner . His father was the original drummer of the <unk> metal band <unk> . Chris Turner attended high school at the <unk> College Preparatory School , where he was a three @-@ year <unk> and starting quarterback in football and pitcher in baseball . As a sophomore , he was on the junior varsity football team until <unk> when the varsity quarterback suffered an injury against Valencia High School , a regional powerhouse . Turner described the incident as the last time that he was nervous during a game and said , " It got pretty ugly to be honest . Ever since then , I 've always thought to myself , ' It can 't get worse
He further stated that Neo Soul Rep was unprofessional and to
I did have my 2 yr old tot on my hip as I didn't get to see him since he woke up this morning and his bedtime
 The Formula One Constructors ' Association ( FOCA ) was created in 1974 by Ecclestone , Colin Chapman , Teddy Mayer , Mosley , Ken Tyrrell and Frank Williams . FOCA would represent the commercial interests of the teams at meetings with the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile ( FISA ) , motorsport 's world governing body . After leaving March at the end of 1977 , Mosley officially became legal advisor to FOCA , which was led by Ecclestone . In his biography of Ecclestone , Terry Lovell suggests that he appointed Mosley to this role not only because of his legal ability , but also because he " saw in Mosley the necessary diplomatic and political skills that made him perfectly suited to the establishment of the FIA " . The Fédération Internationale de l 'Automobile ( FIA ) was FISA 's parent body , representing car users worldwide . In the same year , Mosley was nominated for a role at the FIA Bureau Internationale de <unk> d 'Automobile . His
This is a batsman who, two years before his unravelling in the Emirates, scored a fine hundred in his
Mr Capriles called on his supporters to carry on protesting, but to avoid any
Costa's lack of discipline and abrasive charaacter saw him repeatedly loaned out, although his ability was never
Whenever you go to Blue Martini ask for Chris and tell him Laura Dee sent you, I
The chef greeted us at the door and also checked on us after the meal; great guy with a passion for the food.
 Following his death ( which according to persistent but unfounded legend was caused by a falling bookcase ) Alkan 's music became neglected , supported by only a few musicians including <unk> Busoni , Egon Petri and <unk> Sorabji . From the late 1960s onwards , led by Raymond Lewenthal and Ronald Smith , many pianists have recorded his music and brought it back into
10063	made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day
He kept interacting with a group assuming his friends/buddies and flirting with a
Reports emerged that Seeger had tried to cut the power cable with an ax, but witnesses including the producer George Wein and the festival's production manager, Joe Boyd (later a leading folk-rock record producer), said he did not go that far.
 In his major theoretical statement , ' Opera and Drama ' ( 1852 ) , Wagner objected to the music of Meyerbeer , asserting its <unk> and <unk> in dramatic terms ; this work contains Wagner 's well @-@ known put @-@ down of Meyerbeer 's operas as ' effects without causes ' . It also contains the sardonic crack that ' [ Rossini ] never could have <unk> that it would some day occur to the <unk> , for whom he had always made their music , to make it for themselves ' . ' Jewishness in Music ' was reissued in 1869 , ( after Meyerbeer 's death ) in an extended form , with a far more explicit attack on Meyerbeer . This version was under Wagner 's own
 Don 't take it personally was chosen as a " <unk> game pick " by <unk> 's Michael Rose , who said that it was worth playing through multiple times in order to see the different paths the story takes depending on the player 's choices . Pete Davidson of GamePro noted the game as an example of the " creativity " missing in many large @-@ budget titles , and praised the story , calling Love " a writer first and a game developer second . " Alec <unk> of Rock , Paper , <unk> described the game as " a game about love , sex and the internet " that was " capable of being profoundly moving " and was about " what it is to feel like someone ’ s kicked me straight in the heart . " He praised Love 's ability to use dialogue to effect an emotional response , though he noted that the game seemed to lose some of its impact in the final chapters
The Hot New Hip-Hop Producer Who Does Everything on His iPhone
My consultation was great and the insurance coordinator worked with my father to ensure that my procedure would be correctly filed with
 Major storylines in this run include " Critical Mass " , where Constantine is forced to use magic to purge his darker side into another human body , in order to avoid being <unk> to Hell as part of a trade to save the possessed son of a friend , thus creating the antagonistic character , Demon Constantine , with the assistance of Aleister Crowley . The landmark hundredth issue gave more detail on John Constantine 's father , and the abusive relationship that they had shared . However , it is unclear as to whether this is happening in reality , or in his mind as John <unk> in a coma . " Last Man Standing " reveals that his friend Rich is the current descendant
9067	It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .
Our waiter was very brief, no eye contact when taking our order and some other man dropped off the food.
 Simon de Montfort 's parliament of 1265 is sometimes referred to as the first English parliament , because of its inclusion of both the knights and the burgesses , and Montfort himself is often regarded as the founder of the House of Commons . The 19th century historian William <unk> popularised the <unk> " Model Parliament " of Edward I as the first genuine parliament ; however , modern scholarship questions this analysis . The historian David Carpenter describes Montfort 's 1265 parliament as " a landmark " in the development of
He tried to upsell me on box springs
When I paid for my Granddaughters shoes the cashier asked if I wanted some kind of loyalty card and I said no I would not because I did not plan on ever returning and told him about the lack
He was sentenced to two years and nine months in
 Anekāntavāda was often used by Jain monks to obtain royal patronage from Hindu Kings . Ācārya Hemacandra used anekāntavāda to gain the confidence and respect of the <unk> Emperor <unk> <unk> . According to the Jain text <unk> , Emperor <unk> desired enlightenment and liberation and he questioned teachers from various traditions . He remained in a quandary when he discovered that they all promoted their own teachings while disparaging other teachings . Among the teachers he questioned was Hemacandra , who , rather than promote Jainism , told him a story with a different message . According to his story , a sick man was cured of his disease after eating all the herbs available , as he was not aware which herb was <unk> . The moral of the tale , according to Hemacandra , was that just as the man was restored by the herb , even though no one knew which particular herb did the trick , so in the <unk> ( " age of vice " ) the wise
Lots of blank stares and disinterested looks, taking our order seemed to be a waste of his time.
Explained  what had happened  and he didn't
"Husband wrote poetic heartfelt love letter to his
A passer-by found the victim sitting surrounded by a pool of his own blood, and ripped open a pack of toilet rolls to stem
 Though Khandoba is a god with five wives , his first two consorts Mhalsa and Banai are the
He said that he was glad that he wasn't hungry afterwards and
The initial startup costs of Scottish independence could be as little as £200m but the final tally would be decided in a poker game of post-referendum negotiations, according to the leading economics professor who last month criticised the UK government for inflating his figures
I guess I did not care until 5 minutes later that he came back saying he forgot what we've ordered.
He took my order about
By the way, man and woman, please go to the bathroom,
 The logistical haul discovered , removed , or destroyed in eastern Cambodia during the operations was indeed prodigious : 20 @,@ 000 individual and 2 @,@ 500 crew @-@ served weapons ; 7 @,@ 000 to 8 @,@ 000 tons of rice ; 1 @,@ 800 tons of ammunition ( including 143 @,@ 000 mortar shells , rockets , and recoilless rifle rounds ) ; 29 tons of communications equipment ; <unk> vehicles ; and 55 tons of medical supplies . MACV intelligence estimated that PAVN / NLF forces in southern Vietnam required 1 @,@ 222 tons of all supplies each month to keep up a normal pace of operations . Due to the loss of its Cambodian supply system and continued aerial interdiction in Laos , MACV estimated that for every 2 @.@ 5 tons of materiel sent south down the Ho Chi Minh trail , only one ton reached its destination . However , the true loss rate was probably only around ten percent . General Abrams claimed 11 @,@ 000 enemy soldiers killed and 2 @,@ 500 captured , but his figures were disputed by CIA , who insisted that civilians death were figured into Abrams 's total 
 Mercedes topped the time sheets in the second session , now switching to the soft compound tyres as well , with Nico Rosberg two and a half @-@ tenths of a second clear of Kimi Räikkönen , while Lewis Hamilton was third fastest , more than seven tenths off Rosberg 's time . Räikkönen 's running was interrupted for a while when he was called back into the <unk> to investigate a fuel system problem , but was able to get back out . Fernando Alonso was seventh fastest for McLaren , but needed a replacement of his car 's plank after running wide over artificial grass surrounding the track . His teammate , Jenson Button , also experienced problems , having to stop at the end of the <unk> early in the session with an electrical issue . Renault 's problem from the first session continued : Jolyon Palmer , back in his car in place of <unk> , suffered a tyre failure on the start @-@ finish straight , bringing out red flags in the process . Renault and tyre supplier
One employee behind the counter was joking "free sandwiches at Panera" to reduce the line and his
He assures
You can tell by the food and service that this is his home.
*BONUS POINTS*  Steve and his coworker were quick to get to
My son went to Pitt and I have been back several times.
 In 1991 , Mosley challenged Balestre for the presidency of FISA . Mosley said that his decision to challenge the Frenchman was prompted by Balestre 's reported intervention on behalf of his <unk> Alain <unk> to ensure that race stewards disqualified Brazilian driver <unk> Senna from the 1989 Japanese Grand Prix . Mosley campaigned on the basis that Balestre , who was also president of the FIA and of the Fédération Française du Sport Automobile , could not effectively manage all these roles together . He also said that no @-@ one challenged Balestre because they were afraid of the consequences and suggested that the FISA President should not interfere with F1 , which could be left to run itself . Mosley won the FISA presidency by 43 votes to 29 ; Balestre remained as FIA president . Mosley resigned a year later , fulfilling a promise made during his election campaign to seek a re @-@ affirmation of his mandate . " I wanted to show people that I do what I say " , he said . " Now they can judge me in a year 's time . " FISA immediately re @-@ elected him
 Olivier returned to the Old Vic for a second season in 1938 . For Othello he played Iago , with Richardson in the title role . Guthrie wanted to experiment with the theory that Iago 's <unk> is driven by suppressed homosexual love for Othello . Olivier was willing to co @-@ operate , but Richardson was not ; audiences and most critics failed to spot the supposed motivation of Olivier 's Iago , and Richardson 's Othello seemed <unk> . After that comparative failure , the company had a success with Coriolanus starring Olivier in the title role . The notices were laudatory , mentioning him alongside great predecessors such as Edmund Kean , William <unk> and Henry Irving . The actor Robert <unk> described it as " Olivier 's first <unk> great performance " . This was Olivier 's last appearance on a London stage for
I thought we were just gonna    capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can    maybe meet
 The Lady in the Lake trial was a 2005 murder case in which Gordon Park ( 25 January 1944 – 25 January 2010 ) a retired teacher from <unk> , near Barrow @-@ in @-@ Furness , Cumbria , England , was jailed for life for the murder of his first wife , Carol Ann Park , in 1976 .
 Sir Lloyd William Mathews , <unk> , CB ( 7 March 1850 – 11 October 1901 ) was a British naval officer , politician and abolitionist . Mathews joined the Royal Navy as a cadet at the age of 13 and progressed through the ranks to lieutenant . He was involved with the Third Anglo @-@ <unk> War of 1873 – 4 , afterwards being stationed in East Africa for the suppression of the slave trade . In 1877 he was seconded from the navy to Sultan Barghash of Zanzibar in order to form a European @-@ style army ; he would remain in the employment of the government of Zanzibar for the rest of his life . His army quickly reached 6 @,@ 300 men and was used in several expeditions to suppress the slave trade and rebellions against the Zanzibar government .
 However , there had been instances of what would later be recognised as bodyline prior to 1932 . In 1925 , Australian Jack Scott first bowled a form of bodyline in a state match for New South Wales , but his captain Herbie Collins disliked it and would not let him use it again when he was captain . Other Australian captains were less particular , including Vic Richardson who let him use those tactics when he moved to South Australia . He repeated them against the MCC in 1928 – 29 . In 1927 , in a Test trial match , " <unk>
 Barrow was the first executive to put numbers on player uniforms . He also announced the retirement of Lou Gehrig 's uniform number , the first number to be retired . Barrow was also the first executive to allow fans to keep foul balls that entered the stands . Barrow was also the first to require the playing of " The
 According to Raul Hilberg , Finkelstein displays " academic courage to speak the truth when no one else is out there to support him ... I would say that his place in the whole history of writing history is assured , and that those who in the end are proven right triumph , and he will
 As the 30th anniversary of Star Trek was approaching , a number of plans were being put into place . The film Star Trek : First Contact was entering production , a television special was planned to celebrate the franchise and George <unk> had been cast to appear in the Star Trek : Voyager episode " Flashback " . Producer Ira Steven Behr later recalled that he thought that Deep Space Nine might end up being missed out as he considered it to be the " middle child " of the franchise . However , Rick Berman contacted Behr and asked him if he would be
 Stockwell , along with teammates Greg <unk> , Neil Brooks and Michael Delany , won another silver medal in the men 's 4 × 100 @-@ metre freestyle relay , finishing in 3 : 19 @.@ 68 – just 0 @.@ 63 of a second behind the Americans ' new world record of 3 : 19 @.@ 05 . He also teamed up with Mark Kerry ( <unk> ) , Peter Evans ( <unk> ) , and Glenn Buchanan ( butterfly ) , swimming the freestyle anchor leg to win the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 @-@ metre medley relay ( 3 : 43 @.@ 25 ) behind the Americans ( 3 : 39 @.@ 30 ) and Canadians ( 3 : 43 @.@ 25 ) . He and his freestyle relay teammates were dubbed the " Mean Machine " by the Australian media . Stockwell was the only Australian athlete to win three Olympic
 In addition to these sources , Djedkare is mentioned on the <unk> <unk> dating to the 12th Dynasty ( c . 1990 – 1800 BCE ) . The papyrus records The <unk> of Ptahhotep and gives Djedkare 's nomen " Isesi " to name the pharaoh whom the purported authors of the <unk> , vizier Ptahhotep , served . Djedkare was also probably mentioned in the <unk> , a history of Egypt written in the 3rd century BCE during the reign of Ptolemy II ( 283 – <unk> BCE ) by the Egyptian priest <unk> . No copies of the <unk> have survived to this day and it is known to us only through later writings by <unk> Julius <unk> and Eusebius . <unk> relates that a pharaoh " Tancherês " ( Ancient Greek <unk> ) reigned for 44 years as the eighth and penultimate king of the Fifth Dynasty . Given its position within the dynasty ,
 Berkley Warren Bedell ( born March 5 , 1921 ) is a former U.S. Representative from Iowa . After starting a successful business in his youth , Berkley Fly Co . , he ran for the United States Congress in 1972 , but was defeated by incumbent Wiley Mayne . In 1974 , however , Bedell beat Wiley Mayne and was
7172	In The New Guy , even the bull
 Hartley spent several years writing a detailed research document , which served to some degree as a script for the film , about the New Wave era of Australian cinema . It focused on the commonly overlooked " Ozploitation " films — mainly filled with sex , horror and violence — which critics and film historians considered vulgar and offensive , often excluded from Australia 's " official film history " . Hartley approached Quentin Tarantino , a longtime " Ozploitation " fan who had dedicated his 2003 film Kill Bill to the exploitation genre , and Tarantino agreed to help get the project off
He felt with his
He surely noticed that my inspection was up soon as he promised me BOTH!
Barrister David Dodd spoke after he and his wife Roberta received apologies in the High Court from Dublin's Mount Carmel
My son really enjoys Hip Hop with
 Other similarities include engaging in the suspense the speaker is attempting to create . In both scenarios , you must put aside the knowledge that the performers know the outcome of the event being relayed and , in a sense , play along . This is integral to his stance as he explains “ the argument that much of talk consists of <unk> and that these make no sense unless some form
9810	Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
Should I tell a close friend of mine that his three year girlfriend has repeatedly cheated on him? They are in their early twenties..
 Townsend mainly uses Open C tuning for both six and seven string guitar . He now also uses Open B tuning and Open B flat tuning ( Open C tuning tuned a half and a whole step down respectively ) on his six string guitars . Townsend 's technique varies from <unk> , power chords and <unk> to sweep @-@ picked arpeggios and tapping techniques . He is also known for his heavy use of <unk> and delay effects . He has expressed that he has no taste for
By fortune, Kolo was at his bedside.
He was missing his children whom the wife was not allowing him
My guy said the Beef that you carve yourself was good.
Santi Cazorla will postpone making a decision on whether he
He has experience of senior leadership role in a primary school and as a school governance consultant
He said the clear
 <unk> Michael " Cole " Hamels ( born December 27 , 1983 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He played in MLB for the Philadelphia Phillies from
 <unk> due to these events , and partly due to the major losses in manpower Gallia suffers towards the end of the war with the Empire , the Nameless are offered a formal position as a squad in the Gallian Army rather than serve as an anonymous shadow force . This is short @-@ lived , however , as following Maximilian 's defeat , Dahau and Calamity Raven move to activate an ancient <unk> super weapon within the Empire , kept secret by their benefactor . Without the support of Maximilian or the chance to prove themselves in the war with Gallia , it is Dahau 's last <unk> card in creating a new Darcsen nation . As an armed Gallian force invading the Empire just following the two nations ' cease @-@ fire would certainly wreck their newfound peace , Kurt decides to once again make his squad the Nameless , asking Crowe to list himself and all under his command as killed @-@ in @-@ action . Now owing allegiance
 He was named in Spain 's team for the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in June . He scored his second hat @-@ trick for Spain after 17 minutes into a Confederations Cup game against New Zealand on 14 June , thus recording the fastest hat @-@ trick by a player for Spain . He played for Spain as they were defeated 2 – 0 by the United States in the semi @-@ final , as well as the third @-@ place play @-@
So the Porsche guy took his car back.
I'm a big guy and often leave tasting menu restaurants feeling like I'd like to
 He signed for Championship rivals Leeds United in 2005 . He had a number of knee injuries while with Leeds and following their relegation to League One in 2007 was signed by Stoke City . With Stoke he won promotion to the Premier League as Championship runners @-@ up , with Cresswell scoring 12 goals in the 2007 – 08 season . He spent one full season in the Premier League with Stoke before signing for Championship side Sheffield United on loan in 2009 , before signing permanently in 2010 . United were relegated to League One in 2011 , and Cresswell played in their defeat in the 2012 League One play @-@ off Final . He was made player @-@ coach at the club in 2012 before rejoining his first club York City in 2013 ,
Ask for Tracy he took great care of us.
While they worked on him i went to do some shopping and all the employees on the floor were so nice and helpful!
10591	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
The customer service has a record of my husband's wheelchair and can easily see that the generic one won't work on his chair.
3836	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
He called
Fancy noodle guy making the
Luckily he made it just
 In 1993 , U2 were in Europe for the " <unk> " leg of their Zoo TV Tour . Before their 3 July show in <unk> , Italy , the band received a <unk> from Radio <unk> <unk> I <unk> asking for an interview regarding the situation in Bosnia . The band agreed and met with an American aid worker named Bill Carter , who acted as the station 's foreign associate , due to Serbian travel restrictions . Carter described his experiences in Sarajevo helping Bosnians while surviving the dangerous living conditions . Lead vocalist Bono was <unk> to hear that those living in makeshift bomb shelters in the city played music , including U2 's , at loud volumes to drown out the sound of explosions . While in Sarajevo , Carter had seen a television interview on MTV in which Bono mentioned the theme of the <unk> tour leg was a unified Europe . Feeling that such an aim was empty if ignoring the Bosnians ' plight , Carter sought Bono 's help . He requested that U2 go to Sarajevo to bring attention to the war and break the
'The Pollock paintings Davie saw in Venice were in his early surreal
Jason was our server and he did a
229	Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to
Update - My brother went missing 6 years ago. Police came yesterday to ask if we have seen him lately but
 Much of the development , and many of the buildings , were the vision of John Wood , the Elder . The Circus is seen as the pinnacle of Wood 's work . It consists of three long , curved terraces that form a circular space or theatre intended for civic functions and games . The games give a clue to the design , the inspiration for which was the Colosseum in Rome . The best known of Bath 's terraces is the Royal Crescent , built between 1767 and 1774 and designed by Wood 's son , John Wood , the Younger . Around 1770 the neoclassical architect Robert Adam designed Pulteney Bridge , a three @-@ arched bridge spanning the Avon . He used as his prototype an original , but unused , design by <unk> for the <unk> Bridge in Venice . The heart of the Georgian city was the <unk> Room , which together with its associated Lower Assembly Rooms was designed by Thomas Baldwin , a local builder responsible for many other buildings in the city , including
It was the avocado s. The cook should know his produce and never sent that
Where there may be agreement in principle, there was a resistance to handing over one or other school in particular, he
 Life is more than work , work , work or just making money . I don 't want to be like the preacher in the Book of <unk> who lamented that he looked on all <unk> that he had <unk> to do , and he <unk> only vanity and a striving after wind . We may not be very wealthy but we have made enough to live by since we do not <unk> to a
It was in the members' lobby that Airey Neave held his last conversations, chatting to colleagues before crossing to the members'
Not just send the product on it's way - my hubby picked it up - so not sure if he even looked at it before taking
 By the end of the thirteenth century , several offences against either one 's lord , or one 's king , were treasonable . High treason , defined as <unk> against the sovereign , was first codified during King Edward III 's reign by the Treason Act 1351 . It clarified exactly what crimes constituted treason , following earlier , somewhat " over <unk> " interpretations of England 's legal codes . For instance , high treason could be committed by anyone found to be <unk> the king 's death or counterfeiting his coin . High
He was ready to throw himself out the front door the first chance he got.
The one trick my husbands been looking for was not available for purchase but we still picked up a few that he can do with younger nieces that they'll go crazy over.
We ordered the fried pickles, my husband likes spears so those were good and he liked
We told the male hotel staff member
 In the early evening of 15 June , Webb began his next attempt by passing over the lower obstructions in the Wilmington River and spent the rest of the night coaling . He moved forward the next evening to a concealed position within easy reach of the monitors for an attack early the following morning . Webb planned to sink one of the monitors with his spar torpedo and then deal with the other one with his guns . The gunboat <unk> and the tugboat <unk> were to accompany him to tow one or both of the monitors back to
I asked the chef telling him I've experience as a chef/food handler and am concerned, wanting to
Last year he was found guilty of paying for sex with an underage prostitute, a
They were passing it around, showing it, he said.
 Perhaps driven by the will to take revenge for the destruction of Palmyrene trade centers and discourage Shapur from initiating future attacks , Odaenathus launched an invasion against the Persians . In the spring of 262 , the king marched north into the occupied Roman province of Mesopotamia , driving out the Persian garrisons and freeing Edessa and Carrhae . The first <unk> was aimed at Nisibis , which Odaenathus regained but sacked since the inhabitants were sympathetic toward the Persian occupation . The Palmyrene monarch destroyed the Jewish city of Nehardea , 45 km west of the Persian capital Ctesiphon , as he deemed the Jews of Mesopotamia loyal to
3682	... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
I had a friend working there and he told me not to buy certain stuff
My husband got the cheeseburger with fried cheese, which he said was amazing.
He said the fries were excellent.
I think this Husky LOVES he Snow &lt;3
 Shakespeare 's Boy
My son and I frequent the place
He said he was shocked
 When Hornung was 17 his health worsened ; he left Uppingham and travelled to Australia , where it was hoped by his family that the climate would be beneficial . On his arrival he was employed as a tutor to the Parsons family in <unk> in the <unk>
Jacob wasn't able to be there he day I came but had another sales member help me, Robert M. He was hands down, the nicest, most
Any other place we've ever left him he's always nervous and looks scared when we leave
Service was great- I had a million and one questions for the server and he
It's got wide open spaces, ideal for launch facilities, good climate, good engineering background, he said.
 " Burns ' Heir " is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' fifth season . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 14 , 1994 . In the episode , Mr. Burns has a near @-@ death experience which prompts him to find an heir to inherit his wealth after he dies . Although Bart is initially rejected , Burns soon decides to choose him after seeing him as " a creature of pure malevolence " . Marge convinces Bart to go spend some time with Burns , and soon becomes more disruptive than normal to his own family and decides to go
 For his strong performance during the first half of the season , Hamels was , for the first time in his career , selected a member of the NL All Star Team . As Hamels had been the Phillies only consistent starter to that point , even to the point that one columnist said the Phillies are a joke " as long as we are forced to look forward to someone other than Cole Hamels on the mound " , the Phillies acquired Kyle <unk> to supplement the rotation soon before the trading deadline . Several weeks later , Hamels was placed on the 15 @-@ day disabled list ( <unk> ) with a mild left elbow strain . After the Phillies activated him from the <unk> , on September 28 , he helped the Phillies take over first place in the National League East by striking out 13 Washington <unk> over 8 innings in a 6 – 0 win . Two days later , the team clinched a spot in the playoffs for the first time in 14 years . In the first game of the National League Division Series , he started for the Phillies , but surrendered three runs , three hits , and an " <unk> " four walks , while striking out seven in 62 ⁄ 3 innings ; he was assessed the loss . Ultimately , the Phillies lost the series . Hamels finished with a regular @-@ season record of 15 – 5 , a 3 @.@ 39 ERA , and 177 strikeouts in 183 1 ⁄ 3 innings . The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America presented him the " Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher " award . 
 Turner graduated from the University of Maryland in May 2009 with a bachelor 's degree in government and politics . His strong interest in politics <unk> into his decision on where to attend college . He chose the University of Maryland partly based on its close proximity to Washington , D.C. Turner 's political views are liberal ; he is registered as a Democrat , and has described himself
He is understood to have
They called me and told me that the vet wanted him to get blood work and give him a pancreatitis test and made it sound like something was very wrong with my dog so I agreed to the tests, but when I went to go pick up my dog they told me his physical had been fine and
Ended up meeting the restaurant manager as well and he was very hospitable.
Looking for a good guy to work
He didn't clean up the area around the nail, so I had some paint on my skin.
These aren't your traditional dishes as they are replaced with tofu and no meat, but boy
 In the interlude before the first encore , U2 had a worried discussion over the introduction to " Miss Sarajevo " . The song had only been played once prior — at a benefit concert in 1995 with Bono , The Edge , Eno , and Pavarotti . They returned to the stage and played " <unk> " , " If You Wear That Velvet Dress " , " With or Without You " , and a rough version of " Miss Sarajevo " . Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing his part and so an antique <unk> was brought onto the stage in his place . Eno came on stage to sing backing vocals , and Bono invited Nogić on stage during the chorus . During the song , the video screen showed images from Carter 's Miss Sarajevo documentary , including footage of the girls taking part
Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his
11096	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his
 Ron <unk> Jr. named World War Z one of his favorite apocalyptic novels and praised Brooks for illustrating " the tacit agreement between writer and reader that is essential to the success of stories about the end of
We filmed Davie painting, eating, sleeping, playing the piano, rhapsodising over graffiti in his
 Then the autumn of 1646 , Wiśniowiecki invaded and took over the <unk> <unk> vacated recently by banished Samuel Łaszcz . He did so without any legal <unk> , which caused a court ruling against him ; a ruling that was however never enforced . Later that year , he raised a large private army of about 25 @,@ 000 for a purpose unknown , as noted by Widacki , who writes that the army , which Jeremi raised with an immense cost for a short time , did not participate in any engagement , nor did it have any clear purpose . He notes that such an army might have been useful in provoking the Ottomans , but as Jeremi was opposed to the war with them up to the point of refusing the hetman office , his actions
They  were okay, I can remember one occasion I asked to have my nails done in the coffin shape and the male tech cut my nails  too short
 When it came to other sound patterns , Keats relied on double or triple <unk> in approximately 6 % of lines throughout the 1819 odes . An example from " Ode to a Nightingale " can be found within line 45 ( " The grass , the thicket , and the fruit @-@ tree wild " ) as the <unk> after the commas are a " masculine " pause . Furthermore , Keats began to reduce the amount of Latin @-@ based words and <unk> that he relied on in his poetry , which in turn shortened the length of the words that dominate the poem . There is also an emphasis on words beginning with consonants , especially those that begin with " b " , " p " or " v " . These three consonants are relied on heavily in the first stanza , and they are
The bf fully enjoyed his
I called him and he apologized profusely and asked for a chance to make things right.
Never asked him what the difference was, and I know very
 Jordan had a versatile offensive game . He was capable of aggressively driving to the basket , as well as drawing <unk> from his opponents at a high rate ; his 8 @,@ 772 free throw attempts are the ninth @-@ highest total of all time . As his career progressed , Jordan also developed the ability to post up his opponents and score with his trademark <unk> jump shot , using his leaping ability to " fade away " from block attempts . According to <unk> Brown , this move alone made him nearly <unk> . Despite media criticism as a " selfish " player early in his
 Reviewers wrote that Peshkin 's account was fair in its presentation , and that his choice to let individuals " speak for themselves " through abundant quotations was a strength . They also noted how the book
Brandon walked us through the entire process, he was a great
The owner, Colin O'Brien, is a great guy with a lot of experience both
Martinez, whose sixth-placed side are a point and two places below Liverpool, said Baines had chosen an Everton future above Manchester United because he understands that as a club
He could tell that I was a little stressed about the party, so he decided to
 Alkan grew up in a religiously <unk> Jewish household . His grandfather <unk> Morhange had been a <unk> of the Talmud in Metz , and was probably a <unk> ( Hebrew teacher ) in the Jewish congregation at Paris . Alkan 's widespread reputation as a student of the Old Testament and religion , and the high quality of his Hebrew handwriting testify to his knowledge of the religion , and many of his habits indicate that he practised at least some of its obligations , such as maintaining the laws of <unk> . Alkan was regarded by the Paris Consistory , the central Jewish organisation
This place sits between 3- and 4-stars for me; while Buddy looks super cool in his new 'do, I don't feel like zen dog offered more than an average grooming salon, although
 <unk> <unk> , a 17th @-@ century Jain monk , went beyond anekāntavāda by advocating <unk> , meaning " standing in the middle " or " <unk> " . This position allowed him to praise qualities in others even though the people were non @-@ Jain and belonged to other faiths . There was a period
 During his years in Italy Meyerbeer became acquainted with , and impressed by , the works of his contemporary <unk> Rossini , who by 1816 , at the age of 24 , was already director of both major opera houses in Naples and in the same year premiered his operas The <unk> of Seville and <unk> . Meyerbeer wrote a series of Italian operas on <unk> models , including <unk> e <unk> ( Padua , 1817 ) , <unk> <unk> ( Turin , 1819 ) , Emma di <unk> ( Venice , 1819 ) , <unk> d <unk> ( Milan 1820 ) and L <unk> di <unk> ( Milan 1821 ) . All but the last two of these had libretti by Gaetano Rossi , whom Meyerbeer continued to support until the latter 's death in 1855 , although not commissioning any further libretti from him after Il crociato in Egitto ( 1824 ) . During a visit to Sicily in 1816 , Meyerbeer noted down a number of <unk> , and these in fact constitute the earliest collection of folk music of the region . In a birthday <unk> from Rossi 's wife in 1817 occurs the earliest use discovered of Meyerbeer 's
 Mega Man and Bass begin a final confrontation with Dr. Wily in his newly regained laboratory . When Wily is beaten , Bass demands to know why he deceived him . Wily explains that he created King simply to test Bass ' abilities . Wily shows him written plans for making a newer version of King to join with Bass in this venture , promising that the two would be <unk> together . Proto Man appears and immediately destroys these plans . Wily then demands Bass to destroy Proto Man , but Bass is unsure . It was then Proto Man tells Bass that
John and Leesa were very professional
When I was first hired on, he payed far below minimum wage
The man said to drop the car off on Thursday night and leave the key in the key drop, he would get the
1837	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original ,
 Another Buddhist <unk> <unk> ridiculed anekāntavāda in <unk> : " With the differentiation removed , all things have dual nature . Then , if somebody is <unk> to eat curd , then why he does not eat camel ? " The <unk> is obvious ; if curd exists from the nature of curd and does not exist from the nature of a camel , then one is justified in eating camel , as by eating camel , he is merely eating the negation of curd . Ācārya <unk> , while agreeing that <unk> may be right from one viewpoint , took it upon himself to issue a <unk> : 
 It was for his leadership
2236	A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of
The doctor did not simply tell me what he was going to do, but he discussed the options with me and let me decide on the care that my dog received based on price and desired level
 Townsend returned to the stage in January 2010 , touring North America with <unk> Between the Buried and Me as well as <unk> and Scale the Summit . This was followed by a headlining tour in Australia and a series of high @-@ profile shows in Europe ( for example co @-@ headlining the <unk> Assault festival in Czech Republic ) . He <unk> a North American tour with UK
 Between 1831 and 1840 , the Egyptian viceroy Muhammad Ali governed Haifa , after his son Ibrahim Pasha had <unk> its control from the
 The construction of <unk> surrounding the events of Trujillo 's regime allow a degree of freedom from the <unk> that took places . Author Julia Alvarez contends that these events can " only finally be understood by fiction , only finally be <unk> by the imagination " , while Richard Patterson claims that Vargas Llosa " <unk> , and to a large degree <unk> " Trujillo and his brutal reign through use of narrative structure . Vargas Llosa 's writing acts as a <unk> force for this period in history
My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes
But regardless of the mistakes he made, or the issues he had, it
The boba was old and very hard, when I asked about it the staff said that's the way it is and he implied I really didn't know what
 Sunday worship services were organized by the camp director if he was a pastor , by a visiting pastor , or by the CPS men themselves . While the historic peace churches organized the CPS , 38 % of the men
He does not know how to provide customer service and did not want to answer our question in a straight forward manner.
 Alabama 's recruiting class was highlighted by eight players from the " ESPN 150 " : No. 16 <unk> <unk> ( CB ) ; No. 32 Phillip <unk> ( <unk> ) ; No. 36 John Fulton ( CB ) ; No. 54 Adrian Hubbard ( DE ) ; No. 74 Chad Lindsay ( OG ) ; No. 89 <unk> Malone ( <unk> ) ; No. 99 C.J. Mosley ( <unk> ) ; and No. 132 Brian Vogler ( <unk> ) . Alabama signed the No. 5 recruiting class according to <unk> and the No. 4 recruiting class according to
 In 1991 Abu @-@ Jamal published an essay in the Yale Law Journal , on the death penalty and his death row experience . In May 1994 , Abu @-@ Jamal was engaged by National Public Radio 's All Things
 Numerous artists worked on the series as well , such as John Ridgway ( the original series artist ) , Simon <unk> , Mark Buckingham , Richard <unk> , Steve Dillon , Marcelo <unk> , Jock , David Lloyd , Leonardo <unk> , and Sean Phillips . Cover artists included Dave McKean ( who designed the first run of the series ' covers ) , Tim Bradstreet ( who designed the most ) , Glenn <unk> , Kent
It's an extension of the other antique shop in the same strip (Uptown Archaeology), and it's obvious why the man that owns
He said it tastes like Ikea
 The quoted death date is not only unreliable because the book is fiction , but also because the Xuan He reign era of Emperor Huizong lasted only seven years ( 1119 – 1125 ) and not seventeen . Although The Story of Yue Fei states Zhou died shortly before Yue took a wife , he historically died after Yue married . It is likely that
Not only was he friendly, helpful, and clear, he seriously is one of the most knowledgable people I've ever
My husband didn't want to say anything to the boy directly, so he looked to see who was in charge of
 In December 1986 , Bono stated that he had a love – hate relationship with America , and that this influenced his work on the album . Speaking of his encounter with COMADRES in El Salvador and their impact on the song , he said , " There 's no question in my mind of the Reagan Administration 's involvement in backing the regime that is committing these atrocities . I doubt if the people of America are even aware of this . It 's not my position to lecture them or tell them their place or to even open their eyes up to it in a very visual way , but it is affecting me and it affects the words I write and the music we make . " In 2007 , Clayton noted " We were looking at this America through a European lens , at a time when Britain was under Margaret Thatcher who was breaking the miners .... So we were singing from the same hymn sheet as the Clash but with our spotlight focused on injustice inside and outside America . " He said " ' Mothers of the Disappeared ' was not just a reflection on what
 The most @-@ commonly enforced rule on the key is the " three seconds rule " in which a player from the offensive team is prohibited from staying on the key for more than three seconds , or else the player 's team will lose possession of the ball . Another rule enforced is the lane violation in which players from both teams are prohibited to enter the lane until after the free throw shooter releases the ball from his hands ( the shooter is prohibited to enter the key until after the ball hits the rim ) . An innovation is the introduction of the restricted area arc directly underneath the basket where the defending player cannot force an offensive foul on the opposing
"(Georgia, US) [Update] Happy Ending: My friend was accused of academic dishonesty based on his perfect answers in grad school exams. Today, the investigation committee dropped all charges and sent him an apology letter."
 At the start of the 2006 – 07 season , he signed a 12 @-@ month extension to his contract . He spent more than two years with League Two side Rochdale , before joining Boston United in the January transfer window of 2007 . Boston United were reduced to just 12 professionals on their books in the closing stages of the 2006 – 07 season , as the club could not afford to pay players wages . Cooksey had not been paid since February , and was spending £ 30 a day in fuel travelling from his Manchester home . He spent six months at Boston United and played
He didn't
He was 1 of the best servers we have ever had.
Again, the only male
5697	While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring
 The injustice which has been done to our author 's works , in estimating their poetical merit , rendered us <unk> anxious , on opening his last volume , to find it likely to seize fast hold of general sympathy , and thus turn an overwhelming power against the <unk> <unk> of talent , more eminently promising in many respects , than any the present age has been called upon to encourage . We have not found it to be quite all that we wished in this <unk> it would have been
That provider concurred with MedExpress on our need for the Flonase for the nasal congestion and drip, but could not understand HOW they missed his pneumonia or did not do
He is the best bartender
There is a ready-made successor in Mike Coupe, commercial director, and the supermarket game is entering a new era.
Okay, but if he
He missed the first five games of the season and that suggests he will go
I don't know how much he makes, but he deserves
 The descendants of Abraham and <unk> are called Ishmaelites , after Ishmael , their firstborn , and the Qedarites are named for his second son , Qedar . The Bible refers to both the Qedarites and Qedar frequently . Old Testament references include Genesis ( 25 : 13 ) , Isaiah ( 21 : 16 @-@ 17 , 42 : 11 , 60 : 7 ) , Jeremiah ( 2 : 10 , 49 : 28 @-@
Kevin the server is top notch as well as the chef and his
6362	A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an
 On his Chelsea debut away at Manchester United , McNichol found himself playing at right back after ten minutes when Sid <unk> sustained an injury . Once restored to the forward line , his goals helped Chelsea avoid relegation to the Second Division at the end of his first season . A " dramatic last @-@ minute goal ... enabled Chelsea to <unk> a lucky victory at West Bromwich " with three games left , and he scored the third goal of Chelsea 's 3 – 1 defeat
 After many years of inactivity , further work began along this same route , but the resulting highway was designated as a northern extension to M @-@ 5 rather than I @-@ 275 or M @-@ 275 . The first section of this freeway extension was opened in October 1994 . This extended the route from M @-@ 5 's previous terminus at M @-@ 102 ( 8 Mile Road ) over the latter highway 's alignment west and north to 12 Mile Road . A plan enacted by then Governor John Engler in 1995 angered road officials when funding was diverted from county road commissions to help complete state highway projects like the M @-@ 5 Haggerty Connector project . In 1999 ,
He was extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and
I've tried their scallops which are soft like butter, tuna tartare, lobster mashed potatoes (a must try), Gorgonzola mac and cheese, king crab black truffle gnocchi, creamed corn, and
[38/m] married to (43/f) porn is his passion... our bedroom is dead. What do
Talked to Grant and he said there wasn't a
 Two more issues are addressed in the Sunday Herald article , but not in the Daily Mail article . The first is of the knots used to tie up Carol 's body – the knots on Carol 's body were mostly granny knots , of which there was no evidence that Gordon ever used – indeed during the trial he was specifically asked this , and he responded , " I do not use granny knots " . The granny knot is always a mistake , used by someone who should have used a reef knot ; those learning knot @-@ tying frequently make this mistake . Gordon Park , an experienced knot @-@ <unk> , would likely never use a granny knot , and their frequent appearance on the body of Carol is strong evidence that it was not Gordon who tied them . The
My dad had a different pizza with chicken and it also looked awesome (he said he
 Wilde continually revised the text over the next months : no line was left <unk> , and " in a play so economical with its language and effects , [ the revisions ] had serious consequences " . <unk> <unk> describes Wilde 's revisions as a refined art at work : the earliest , longest handwritten drafts of the play labour over farcical incidents , broad puns , nonsense dialogue and conventional comic turns . In revising as he did , " Wilde transformed standard nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting <unk> which <unk> Earnest 's dialogue " . Richard Ellmann argues that Wilde had reached his artistic maturity and wrote this work more surely
Long long lines, one guy at the register.
I'm not suggesting there is any antipathy, but, given his background, the pope will be more wary about the U.
Hubs got a beer which was cold & what he ordered.
 " ... his <unk> <unk> up and he died . This was on the fourteenth day of the ninth month in the seventeenth year
(CA) Twin brother is abroad and his ex-girlfriend is coming after me for child support.
 On May 28 the new pope was consecrated to the episcopate by Cardinal Federico <unk> <unk> , bishop of Porto e Santa <unk> and sub @-@ dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals , assisted by Cardinals Gian Francesco Albani , bishop of <unk> and Henry Benedict Stuart , bishop of <unk> . On June 4 he was solemnly
Initially he forecasted waiting till
But he argued the outcome was still dramatic.
I ask him how much all of this would cost me and he gave me a
 Bolívar 's fate is known from the beginning , and García Márquez constantly uses images which <unk> this ending . For instance , a clock stuck at seven minutes past one , the exact time of the General 's death , appears repeatedly in the novel . This sense of fate is introduced in the <unk> , which comes from a letter written by the historical Bolívar to General Santander on August 4 , 1823 : " It seems that the devil controls the business of my life . " As Palencia @-@ Roth points out , the word used for devil here is <unk> rather than the more familiar <unk> . <unk> derives from the Greek word <unk> , which can equally mean divine power , fate , or destiny . Accordingly , the General <unk> to his
It was a lean period for Scottish rugby and he had to wait for his seventh Test, against Wales in 1955,
He said it was good, not great, but good standard key
 The novel is written in the third @-@ person with flashbacks to specific events in the life of Simón Bolívar , " the General " . It begins on May 8 , 1830 in Santa Fe de Bogotá . The General is preparing for his journey towards the port of Cartagena de <unk> , intending to leave Colombia for Europe . Following his resignation as President of Gran Colombia , the people of the lands he liberated have now turned against him , <unk> anti @-@ Bolívar graffiti and throwing waste at him . The General is
He fixed my phone
I made my reservation a week before and asked if they would have a special menu for V-day and the guy said
 His second novel , <unk> , is about life of those people working in the glitzy world of <unk> and their customers who <unk> nightclubs . Along with the main tale , Khoo spins other tales covering love , juvenile <unk>
 Tennyson completed the poem on 20 October 1833 , but it was not published until 1842 , in his second collection of Poems . Unlike many of Tennyson 's other important poems , " Ulysses " was not revised after
However your website and sign says that you're open until 6pm He then looked at my car and shook his head again and complained that my car, a 94 Honda Accord was the kind of car that required a tailpipe test he clearly
 The new Form of Government was much more acceptable to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland . They passed it on 10 February 1645 , contingent on some <unk> of presbyterian government which were expected to be worked out in a forthcoming Directory for Church Government . At the same time they announced their desire to formally unite the two churches . Following the rise of Cromwell and the secret <unk> of some Scots with Charles this hope was abandoned , and the documents were never formally adopted . The General Assembly ceased to function under Cromwell and the kings who succeeded him from 1649 to 1690 . 
1782	Too often , Son of the
I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody noseI mean I-Im not proud of it
We ordered drinks, then he proceeded to talk me out of my
It's still there in all the rap talk talking about his guns and blades and
Do you always have to bring him here?
So he brings me the OPPOSITE of what I described and cheapy looking
He said most guys don't do a good job of inspecting that is why,
He also got me to spend way more than I planned on but I
Drivers John and
I called the instructor who advised he
I thanked him for the call but told him the damage
 Does it matter whether a white man is charged with killing a black man or a black man is charged with killing a white man ? As for justice when the prosecutor represents the Commonwealth the Judge represents the Commonwealth and the court @-@ appointed lawyer is paid and supported by the Commonwealth , who follows the wishes of the defendant , the man charged with the crime ? If the court @-@ appointed lawyer ignores , or goes against the wishes of the man he is charged with representing , whose wishes does he follow ? Who
 Kurt M. <unk> analyzed a scene from the episode in his piece " <unk> Culture and Its <unk> " , published in the compilation work Leaving Springfield : The Simpsons and the <unk> of <unk> Culture edited by John <unk> . He commented that The Simpsons ' literary and cultural awareness extends to the " conventions of its own medium " in this episode . Bart criticizes an Itchy & Scratchy episode because Itchy stakes down Scratchy 's <unk> and props his belly to form a tent with faulty knots . With Homer looking on from the <unk> , Lisa reminds Bart that cartoons do
 Marc Anthony began his recording career in 1980s as a freestyle musician during which he was a backup vocalist for boy bands such as <unk> and
Being the son of a famous LA restauranteur I find the whole
 On 22 September 2012 Fowler announced that he is " all but retired from professional football . " He said this on the television show Soccer AM . In an interview in March 2013 , he said that he was " not officially retired " and would " jump at the opportunity to play again . " Fowler has also stated in other interviews that he is currently completing his coaching licences . Fowler was on a six @-@ man shortlist and interviewed for the vacant manager 's job at Conference side Macclesfield Town in May 2013 , but caretaker manager John <unk> was eventually appointed on
I told him tomorrow he would have that opportunity.
Explaining this to shop owner back and forth, he agreed and explained he doesn't replace AC clutches.
 Fred Toye served as the episode director , his second after directing " The Ghost Network " six installments earlier . To create the opening scene of character Mark Young being " attacked " by butterflies , Toye shot it in multiple phases . Series co @-@ creator Roberto Orci preferred the opening scene to involve a " more subtle " death , so Young was made to die from falling out a window , which was " a real thing , something that 's not imagined or whimsical " . VFX coordinator Christopher Stollard stated
I talked to Justin at the store today and he apologized , but offered nothing else.
The bartender was a guy whose
I'm so glad he suggested that.
 Released in early 1975 , Blood on the Tracks received mixed reviews . In the NME , Nick Kent described " the <unk> [ as ] often so <unk> they sound like mere practice takes . " In Rolling Stone , Jon <unk> wrote that " the record has been made with typical <unk> . " Over the years critics came to see it as one of Dylan 's greatest achievements . In <unk> , Bill Wyman wrote : " Blood on the Tracks is his only flawless album and his best produced ; the songs , each of them , are constructed in disciplined fashion . It is his <unk> album and most dismayed , and seems in <unk> to have achieved a sublime balance between the <unk> @-@ plagued excesses of his mid @-@ 1960s output and the self @-@ consciously simple compositions of his post @-@ accident years . " <unk> Rick
We finish lunch, they give me my stupid ice cream, and we leave a crappy tip and a note to the manager to rein in his flippant servers -- and no
A waiter came by and apologized that there had been a mix up in the tables, and he took our
Something happens to Lee when he gets to Augusta, says Chubby Chandler,
 In 1905 , after publishing four other books in the interim , Hornung brought back the character Stingaree , previously seen in Irralie 's Bushranger . Later that year he responded to public demand and produced a third series of short Raffles stories in A Thief in the Night , in which Manders relates some of his and Raffles 's earlier adventures . The reviewer for the Boston Herald thought that " the sentimental side of the story has never before been shown so dramatically and romantically " , and described the book as " thrilling and exciting " . Hornung 's next book was published in 1909 and was the final Raffles story , the full @-@ length novel Mr. Justice Raffles ; the book was poorly received , with the reviewer for The Observer asking if " Hornung is perhaps a little tired of Raffles " , and stating that " it has not the magic or the ' go ' of the first Raffles , and there is no good in pretending that it has " . During the course of the year he collaborated with Charles <unk> to write a play A <unk> From Raffles , which was performed in November that year at the Brixton Empress Theatre , London .
 The Rangers lost to the Toronto Blue Jays in five games in the Division Series after squandering a 2 @-@ 0 series lead . Hamels received a no @-@ decision in Game 2 as he left the game
Most locals have been going to Thomas for over 5 years and he is very reputable for his
He truly believes in reaching all ends of the
He also
 Schumann 's attack on Les Huguenots was clearly a personal <unk> against Meyerbeer 's Judaism : ' Time and time again we had to turn away in disgust ... One may search in vain for a sustained pure thought , a truly Christian sentiment ... It is all contrived , all make believe and hypocrisy ! ... The <unk> of composers <unk> his hands with
As a gay male walking into this restaurant I must say I was
 George Calvert , 1st Baron Baltimore ( <unk> – 15 April 1632 ) was an English politician and <unk> . He achieved domestic political success as a Member of Parliament and later Secretary of State under King James I. He lost much of his political power after his support for a failed marriage alliance between Prince Charles and the Spanish House of Habsburg royal family . Rather than continue in politics , he resigned all of his political offices in 1625 except for his position on the Privy Council and declared his Catholicism publicly . He was created Baron Baltimore in the Irish peerage upon his resignation . Baltimore Manor was located in County Longford , Ireland . 
He said he would be with us
He blasted it
 Townsend withdrew from touring to spend time with his family . From home , Townsend completed his second solo ambient album , The <unk> ,
Bottom line: waitress was so nice, food is good, cook guy is weird and I don't want to go to this location again.
 James Robert Baker ( October 18 , 1946 – November 5 , 1997 ) was an American author of sharply satirical , predominantly gay @-@ themed <unk> fiction . A native Californian , his work is set almost entirely in Southern California . After graduating from UCLA , he began his career as a screenwriter , but became disillusioned and started
Next stop was acrylic nails and the guy
The guy who
4231	That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to
 Literary critics regard " Ode on Indolence " as inferior to Keats 's other 1819 odes . Walter <unk> wrote that " it is unlikely that the ' Ode on Indolence ' has ever been anyone 's favorite poem , and it is certain that it was not Keats 's . Why he excluded it from the 1820 volume we do not know , but it is <unk> and <unk> and structurally <unk> , and these would be
 When Bart and Milhouse visit the local video arcade at the beginning of the episode , Martin Prince is seen playing an arcade game based on the 1981 film My <unk> with Andre . Other games at the arcade include a game based on the 1984 film The Terminator . The " Springfield , Springfield " number performed by Bart and Milhouse on their night out in town is a reference to the musical number " New York , New York " from the film On the Town , starring Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra . During a scene in which Hans Moleman and Moe fight with knives , Hans tells Moe , " You call that a knife ? This is a knife ! " , a reference to a line from the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee . Ernest Borgnine introduces himself a la Troy <unk> to the Junior Campers by recalling his role in From Here to Eternity , a film which modern children are unlikely to have seen . During a <unk> , Homer imagines himself singing the song " Sugar , Sugar " by The <unk> while dancing with <unk> and ice cream <unk> . While on the raft , Homer <unk> lines from Samuel Taylor Coleridge 's The <unk> of the Ancient <unk> when he says " Water , water everywhere / Let 's all have a drink . The scene in which Borgnine and the other <unk> drift through a dark forest watched by mountain men is a reference to a scene in the 1972 film <unk> , and the scene features the music from the film 's " <unk> <unk> " scene
 After the first five games , all losses , Jeff Carter suffered a broken foot that kept him out of the line @-@ up for 10 games . While Carter was injured , the Blue Jackets continued to lose games . In the eighth game of the year , they had a chance to end the losing streak against the Ottawa Senators . Columbus held a 3 – 2 lead with under a minute to play . Jason <unk> tied the game on a late power play , and with just 4 @.@ 7 seconds remaining , Milan <unk> notched the winning goal for the Senators . The loss helped set a franchise record for <unk> with a 0 – 7 – 1 record to start a season . [ note 1 ] The losing streak came to an end three days later with a win over the Detroit Red Wings . During the game , several milestones were reached . James Wisniewski made his Columbus debut , Ryan Johansen and John Moore scored their first career NHL goals and Grant <unk> had a career @-@ high three assists . Columbus was unable to create any momentum from the win , however , and continued to struggle , culminating in a 2 – 12 – 1 record , which was the worst start to an NHL season for any team in 19 years . With the team struggling , management attempted to " shake things up " by making some roster moves . The first move was the acquisition of center Mark <unk> from the Pittsburgh Penguins . Next , they traded defenseman Kris Russell to the St. Louis Blues for Nikita <unk> . As the clubs slow start continued , there were rumors that Head Coach Scott Arniel would be fired and replaced with Ken Hitchcock . Hitchcock had previously coached the Blue Jackets to their only playoff appearance in club history and was still under contract with the franchise through to the end of the season . Before any of these rumors
 Since airing , the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics . The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , wrote : " A terrific episode , with Homer so stupid it isn 't true , yet still saving the day . Seeing Ned Flanders get it wrong is great , but the show @-@ <unk> is a toss @-@ up between Borgnine 's great self @-@ deprecating role , the ironic <unk> , and the <unk> . " DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson called it a " brilliant episode from start to finish " . He commented that " We see what an amazing amount of goods and services one can purchase in Springfield with only $ 20 , and we get a fun spoof of <unk> . <unk> to that terrific rivalry moments between Bart and Homer and the show excels . " Patrick Bromley of DVD Verdict called the plot of the episode " typically inspired " , and gave it a grade of A. Bill <unk> of DVD Talk gave the episode a score of 5 out of 5 . TV DVD Reviews 's Kay Daly wrote : " And just when you think the Simpsons ' creators have taken parody as far as it can go , they air an episode like this . The writers <unk> the 22 @-@ minute episode with allusions to movie genres including disaster movies , Broadway musicals , adventure @-@ suspense and classic teen horror . " Adam <unk> of
 During the 1930s , American engineer Harold <unk> began exploring <unk> light technology for high speed photography . This led him to the invention of the xenon flash lamp , in which light is generated by sending a brief electric current through a tube filled with xenon gas . In 1934
"Judge ran out of time, rescheduled my court date on the day I am getting married out of the country, said he would change it, then refused to change it."
 Prior to his work on the biography , Steve Turner had previously written a book
 He goes on to note that , once freed from the possession , the victim will never again be able to eat tofu , <unk> , or other
4295	While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the
[26/f]: Boyfriend (26/m) Is Putting Down My Life Goals/Thinks He Knows What I
 The research that Goffman had done in <unk> inspired him to write his first major work , The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life ( 1956 ) . After graduating from the University of Chicago , in 1954 – 57 he was an assistant to the athletic director at the National Institute for Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland . <unk> observation done there led to his essays on mental illness and total institutions which came to form his second book , Asylums : Essays on the Social Situation
 According to <unk> , Odaenathus was assassinated near Heraclea Pontica trying to quell a tribal incursion into Pontus ; he gives the name of the assassin as another Odaenathus who may or may not have been a relative of the king . The assassin was killed by the
 After signing the treaty , John returned to Sulmona . According to the contemporary Matthew Paris , he allowed his soldiers to <unk> nearby monasteries to obtain money . John lifted the siege of Sulmona in early 1229 to join Cardinal Pelagius , who launched a campaign against <unk> . Frederick II ( who had crowned himself king of Jerusalem in the Church of the Holy <unk> ) returned to Italy , forcing the papal troops to withdraw .
The guy rolled his eyes and
He questions if I really have experience as a chef, He says
I approached the individual that greeted me and talked me into spending the $65 and showed him the
He said he would make robust assumptions about the man's ability to pay.
Not two days after I wrote my critique, a manager called me, (unfortunately I can't remember his name) but he called me not to apologize, or see what he could do to
He says the violence is part of a strategy devised by right-wing groups, with the support of the US, to destabilise his government.
 Zhou continued to teach the children until his death , prior to Yue 's legal adulthood . Following his passing , Yue became extremely depressed since Zhou had been the greatest influence on his early life . Zhou 's student would regularly visit his tomb on the first and fifteenth of every month with sacrifices of meat and wine and would shoot three arrows in succession with one of the two bows his tutor had presented him with ( it is never mentioned whether any of Zhou 's other archery pupils came to visit his tomb ) . Dr. Kaplan comments this continuous unusual display of mourning " went far beyond the ceremonial appropriate for even a highly respected teacher " . Noted <unk> <unk> Wilhelm claims even though the display of grief was genuine , it was also a way of <unk> the stories of his heroic idols and " [ establishing himself ] in the public eye " . Yue 's father later followed him secretly to Zhou 's tomb after striking him during an argument over his melancholic behavior . There , he saw him perform the unorthodox <unk> involving the meat , wine , and three arrows . When
 Fish describes the game 's changes during development as " organic " — they tested different kinds of levels and replicated the types of in @-@ game exploration that the team appreciated most . It came to adopt <unk> mechanics , with " secret passages , <unk> gates , and <unk> codes " . Fish cited <unk> as another <unk> and compared its open world , <unk> narrative , and " <unk> <unk> " to Fez 's own alphabet , numeric system , and an " almost <unk> hard to get " " second set of <unk> " . Fish originally fought against having an in @-@ game map because he wanted players to draft their own . After attempting to do so himself , he changed his mind . Fish later called the in @-@ game map " probably one of the weakest aspects of the game " . Fish also fought against including the navigational assistant , Dot , but later felt that the addition was successful and a positive contribution to the game 's mythology . The <unk> itself , Fish described as an " ancient symbol of understanding the third dimension " . Fez had three different animators through its development : Paul Robertson of
 There he achieved passes at A @-@ levels in Greek , Latin and English Literature , with three grade As . From there Pryce went on to gain a First @-@ Class honours at Trinity College , Cambridge in June 1996 , where he read Classics staying on to study for a masters . Pryce was also known to be a talented musician and lived on Bathurst Gardens , Kensal Green in a flat which he shared with his fiancée <unk> <unk> , 31 , a solicitor specialising in employment law with <unk> & Co , the
I'm thinking they might've gotten the hint that many people have been complaining because when I have walked in each and every time I've been greeted by the loss prevention guy (yellow shirt) and also when
10617	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
We had Han Solo as our hibachi chef, and he was amazing!
3865	Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too
I heard that he
 Aware of the time constraints , Otway decided he could wait no longer , and the reduced battalion headed for the battery and joined up with Major Smith 's reconnaissance party just outside the village of <unk> en <unk> . The reconnaissance party had cut a way through the barbed wire , and marked four routes through the minefield . Otway divided his men into four assault groups , and settled down to await
He explained that the company had paid in excess of £500m a year in tax but a drop in exports, due to patent expires, and an
7571	An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer\/director John McKay can swallow
 General Saprang Kalayanamitr ( Thai : <unk> ่ ง กัลยาณมิตร ; <unk> : <unk> @-@ <unk> <unk> , also known as <unk> ( Thai : <unk> ) or Big <unk> ( Thai : <unk> <unk> <unk> ) , born 8 July 1948 in <unk> , Thailand ) is a retired officer of the Royal Thai Army , Assistant Secretary @-@ General of the Council for National Security , Commander of the junta 's 14 @,@ 000 @-@ man anti @-@ protest force , Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airports of Thailand
My [35/F] son [11/M] told me he hates me
 In March 1952 , Lawton joined Second Division side Brentford for a club record £ 16 @,@ 000 fee . Manager Jackie Gibbons left the club at the start of the 1952 – 53 season and was succeeded by his assistant Jimmy Bain , who proved ill @-@ suited to management , and so in January 1953 Lawton was appointed as player @-@ manager , with Bain as his assistant . However he lost the dressing room due to his excessive demands of the players , and the strains of management were having a negative impact on his form . Brentford also lost their best players having sold both Ron Greenwood and Jimmy Hill . He signed two veterans
9394	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
I [25F] am fed up with my roommate [27M] having loud sex with his girlfriend [23F]. I don't know if this is unreasonable
 Torres started his career with Atlético Madrid , progressing through their youth system to the first team squad . He made his first team debut in 2001 and finished his time at the club having scored 75 goals in 174 La Liga appearances . Prior to his La Liga debut , Torres played two seasons in the Segunda División for Atlético Madrid , making 40 appearances
He is a standup guy that truly understands the needs of a property owner as well as the needs of a renter and does his best to mitigate between the two.
Well, that guy was there and sang that.
 Olivier 's honours included a knighthood ( 1947 ) , a life peerage ( 1970 ) and the Order of Merit ( 1981 ) . For his on @-@ screen work he received four Academy Awards , two British Academy Film Awards , five Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards . The National Theatre 's largest auditorium is named in his honour , and he is commemorated in the Laurence Olivier Awards , given annually by the Society of London Theatre . He was married three times , to the actresses Jill Esmond from 1930 to 1940 , Vivien Leigh from 1940
I am so happy with the service I received from Josh and his team!
There is even a dog who is in there frequently and he is
 Five men were awarded the Victoria Cross after the battle , four of them posthumously . Three of the men now rest in the cemetery ; Lieutenant John <unk> <unk> of the 2nd Battalion , Parachute Regiment ; Flight Lieutenant David Samuel Anthony Lord of 271 Squadron , Royal Air Force and Captain Lionel Ernest <unk> of the 10th Battalion , Parachute Regiment . Lance @-@ Sergeant John Daniel <unk> of the 2nd Battalion South <unk> Regiment has no known grave and is commemorated instead at <unk> Memorial . Major Robert Henry Cain , also of 2nd Battalion , South <unk> Regiment , survived the battle and was buried on the Isle of Man when he died in 1974 . 
 The media advocated the selection of Eddie Gilbert , an indigenous bowler of extreme pace , in order to return the bodyline barrage . In one tour match , Gilbert had <unk> Jardine and left a <unk> the size of a <unk> . Another suggested means of retaliation was Laurie Nash , whose notoriously <unk> personality and aggression saw him regarded as
He tells me to follow him outside to look at the sticker on my car.
[update] My exroomate texted me out of the blue stating that because i broke our lease on military orders the complex is trying to charge us $450 and he
I (21) am being stalked by my TA (30) who is suicidal; he threatened to bring me up on untrue academic
At one point I got his attention for a drink, but after 5
I don't know if my 18 month old son
At least three times during the morning, you will get to hear Carlos Diaz's Extra Entertainment Report, where he will
I Told the supervisor, jamie, he needs to remove the
They did miss a couple of areas for our Dachshund (they missed his left ear and chest), but we
 Initial news reports stated that between 50 and 60 men were within the mountain and had been buried with no hope of survival . In reality , there were 20 miners working the night shift at the time of the disaster . Three had been outside the mine and were killed by the slide . The remaining 17 were underground . They discovered that the entrance was blocked and water from the river , which had been <unk> by the slide , was coming in via a secondary tunnel . They unsuccessfully tried to dig their way through the blocked entrance before one miner suggested he knew of a seam of coal that reached the
We enjoyed all he appetizers and the recommendations for our
I took half of my sandwich home and tried to wrap it in a paper doily I found in the bread basket to protect it from the nasty cole slaw that my dad said
 No. 33 Squadron , operating ex @-@ <unk> Short Empire flying boats and several smaller transports , was raised in NEA on 19 February 1942 . Earlier that month , Lukis warned higher command of the poor state of preparedness and low morale of Australian Army troops at Port Moresby , due to lack of air cover and apparent lack of interest from government echelons . On 25 February , Nos. 3 and 4 Fighter Sector Headquarters were established to coordinate fighter operations ; they were based at Townsville and Port Moresby respectively . Seventeen P @-@ 40 Kittyhawks of No. 75 Squadron , recently formed at Townsville , were deployed to Port Moresby in mid @-@ March . <unk> by Squadron Leader John Jackson , the squadron suffered heavy losses in the ensuing battle . At one point NEA headquarters gave Jackson permission to withdraw but he refused , and the squadron was eventually credited with destroying thirty @-@ five Japanese aircraft in the air and on the
I gave him my order and as he finishes my smoothie walks out from behind the counter still talking to
 The International Cricket Council ( ICC ) , responsible for running the game worldwide , conducted a trial in 2002 where lbw appeals could be referred to a match official , the third umpire , to review on television replays . The third umpire could only use technology to determine where the ball had pitched and if the batsman hit the ball with his bat . The ICC judged the experiment unsuccessful and did not pursue it . More trials followed in 2006 , although ball @-@ tracking technology remained unavailable to match officials . After a further series of trials , in 2009 the <unk> Decision Review System ( DRS ) was brought into international cricket where teams could refer the on @-@ field decisions of umpires to a third umpire who had access to television replays and technology such as ball tracking . According to the ICC 's general manager , Dave Richardson , DRS increased the frequency with which umpires awarded lbw decisions . In a 2012 interview , he said : " <unk> may have realised that if they give someone out and DRS shows it was not out
8484	The more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably
I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week
He warned that the Isis leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was now a greater threat to western countries than Osama bin Laden had been in 2001.
 <unk> as Inspector <unk> , Radha 's Father 
McIlroy is one of the few with the star power to dare provoke the question Tiger who? He is exactly what
I brought a couple of pictures of ideas that he liked (knowing it wouldn't come out exactly like them but something along
1413	The Son 's Room is a triumph of gentility
I explained the situation and was told he couldn't do anything for me cause it was just hear say and he can't go off my word so pretty much called me a liar lol I
My bf (23m) moved out of my (23f) house because I got raped. He now says he's
 Homer 's Mount <unk> caricature resembles <unk> <unk> , the mascot of The New Yorker . Homer 's line about getting out of Springfield is lifted from It 's a <unk> Life , while Homer 's all @-@ time favorite song is revealed to be " It 's <unk> Men " by The Weather Girls . When Abe Simpson is left behind on the plane , his slapping his hands on his face and <unk>
 McCall was appointed manager of Rangers on 12 March 2015 , agreeing a contract with the club to the end of the 2014 – 15 season . In his first match in charge Rangers were held to a 1 – 1 draw at home by bottom @-@ placed Livingston on 14 March 2015 . Rangers finished third in the 2014 – 15 Scottish Championship and in the Premiership play @-@ off final they were beaten 6 – 1 on aggregate by McCall 's former team Motherwell . <unk> he had " done
I don't know how he was
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a
353	Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel
And how is this for service the real estate guy from down the block was in the grooming shop heard my tale of woe called the bus depot and got my phone
He said under no circumstances
7091	Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the
The goal, albeit a tap in, will have helped his
Rex and his woman, Three Legged Midget Maggie, were minding our own business.
Soft power works best with a bit of muscle behind it, he
 Just after midnight on 6 June , the 9th Parachute Battalion 's advance party landed with the brigade 's <unk> , and reached the battalion assembly area without any problems . While some men remained to mark out the company positions , the battalion 's second in command , Major George Smith , and a reconnaissance party left to scout the battery . At the same time , Royal Air Force Lancaster bombers started their bombing run , which completely missed the battery , their bombs landing further to the south . The <unk> in the meantime were having problems . Those who had arrived at the correct drop zone found their <unk> <unk> had been damaged when they landed , and in the smoke and debris left over from the bombing , their marker lights could not be seen by the pilots of the transport aircraft . The main body of the 9th Parachute Battalion and their gliders were to land at drop zone ' V ' , located between the battery and <unk> from 01 : 00 . However , the battalion was scattered , with a number of paratroopers landing a considerable distance from the designated drop zone . Lieutenant Colonel Otway landed with the rest of his " stick " 400 yards ( 370 m ) away from the drop zone at a <unk> being used as a command post by a German battalion ; after a brief fire @-@ fight , they helped other scattered paratroopers , and reached the drop zone at 01 : 30 . By 02 : 50 , only 150 men had arrived at the battalion 's assembly point with 20 Bangalore torpedoes and a machine gun . The mortars , anti @-@ tank gun , mine detectors , <unk> , sappers and field ambulance
 Bono agreed to Carter 's request without asking the rest of the band , and when informed of the idea , the other members gave only tacit approval . They briefly considered playing an impromptu concert in the city , with Bono suggesting that they perform in the bunker where Carter and his friends hid during the siege . He said , " even if all we get is some extra attention for Bosnia on MTV , that 's something " . The idea fell through when it was pointed out that the logistics of transporting their equipment into the city were impossible , as the only way into Sarajevo was on a United Nations plane . Manager Paul McGuinness realized that even if the band managed to organize a concert , it would endanger their lives and those of the audience and the Zoo TV crew . As he explained , " U2 's effort to discuss any humanitarian issue have sometimes been accompanied by a false instinct that U2 is also obliged to resolve that issue . Going to Sarajevo seems
I realize he's trying to do his job quickly but a little table manners
Shark attack - which unfortunately didn't have the gummy shark in it but they gave my friend a punch card with 10 stamps, but that's only because they forgot about his drink in the first place.
He wants to make it right (again).
 Other notable Irish physicists include Ernest Walton , winner of the 1951 Nobel Prize in Physics . With Sir John Douglas <unk> , he was the first to split the nucleus of the atom by artificial means and made contributions to the development of a new theory of wave equation . William Thomson , or Lord Kelvin , is the person whom the absolute temperature unit , the Kelvin , is named after . Sir Joseph <unk> , a physicist and mathematician , made innovations in the understanding of electricity , dynamics , <unk> and the electron theory of matter . His most influential work was <unk> and <unk> , a book on theoretical physics published in 1900 . 
 The aircraft was assigned the airport 's Runway 22 for the takeoff , but used Runway 26 instead . Analysis of the cockpit voice recorder ( <unk> ) indicated the aircraft was cleared to take off from Runway 22 , a 7 @,@ <unk> feet ( 2 @,@ 135 m ) strip used by most airline traffic at Lexington . Instead , after confirming " Runway two @-@ two " , Captain Jeffrey Clay <unk> onto Runway 26 , an <unk> secondary runway only 3 @,@ 500 feet ( 1 @,@ 100 m ) long , and turned the controls over to First Officer James Polehinke for takeoff . The air traffic controller was not required to maintain visual contact with the aircraft ; after clearing the aircraft for takeoff , he turned to perform administrative duties
10616	Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative
 In May 1963 , Dylan 's political profile rose when he walked out of The Ed Sullivan Show . During rehearsals , Dylan had been told by CBS television 's head of program practices that " <unk> ' John Birch <unk> Blues " was potentially <unk> to the John Birch Society . Rather than comply with censorship , Dylan refused to
2879	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his
 Olivier 's acting technique was <unk> crafted , and he was known for changing his appearance considerably from role to role . By his own admission , he was addicted to extravagant make @-@ up , and unlike Richardson and Gielgud , he excelled at different voices and accents . His own description of his technique was " working from the outside in " ; he said , " I can never act as myself , I have to have a pillow up my <unk> , a false nose or a moustache or wig ... I cannot come on looking like me and be someone else . " <unk> described how at rehearsals Olivier " built his performance slowly and with immense application from a mass of tiny details " . This attention to detail had its critics : Agate remarked , " When I look at a watch it is to see the time and not to admire the mechanism . I want an actor to tell me Lear 's time of day and Olivier doesn 't . He
Came for dinner with my husband and son -
 <unk> one month after the Song had recovered Yanjing , Zhang <unk> ( <unk> ) , who had served as military governor of the Liao prefecture of <unk> about 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) east of Yanjing , killed the main Jin official in that city and turned it over to the Song . The Jurchens defeated his armies a few months later and Zhang took refuge in Yanjing . Even though the Song agreed to execute him in late 1123 , this incident put tension between the two states , because the 1123 treaty had explicitly forbidden both sides from <unk> <unk> . In 1124 , Song officials further angered the Jin by asking for the <unk> of nine more border prefectures . The new Jin emperor Taizong ( r . 1123 – 1135 ) , Aguda 's brother and successor , hesitated , but warrior princes Wanyan Zonghan and Wanyan Zongwang ( <unk> ) vehemently refused to give them any more territory . Taizong eventually granted two prefectures , but by then the Jin leaders were ready to attack their southern neighbor
One of my [29/m] girlfriend's [24/f] closest guy friends
He arrived sometime before 8:30 pm, went to our unit and gave my husband attitude that the unit had not been turned off because now it was too hot for him to do any diagnosis on it.
Morgan aside, Thorpe also joined Flower and Alastair Cook in offering words of encouragement for Joe Root after a run of 2, 1, 3, 24, 15, 4 and 19 in his past seven
My [31F] friends in my yoga class find it really weird that I'm dating a younger man [23M]
Mendes almost never had the chance to see him
 Busch 's greatest success , both within Germany and internationally , was with Max and Moritz : Up to the time of his death it was translated into English , Danish , Hebrew , Japanese , Latin , Polish , Portuguese , Russian , Hungarian , Swedish and <unk> . Several countries banned the story – about 1929 the <unk> school board prohibited sales of Max and Moritz to teens under eighteen . By 1997 more than 281 dialect and language translations had been produced
So, if you're uncomfortable with a man consulting with you,
 This first became evident in the great campaign to re @-@ elect Gladstone . Known today as the Midlothian campaign , it was <unk> by the Roseberys . Rosebery used his influence to have Gladstone invited to stand as parliamentary candidate for Midlothian , near to Rosebery 's Dalmeny estate . Gladstone had nominally retired from politics after losing his Greenwich seat in 1874 , when Disraeli had been swept to power . The campaign was based at Dalmeny where Lady Rosebery hosted a series of large political house parties throughout the long campaign .
The pot is very hot to maintain he temperature and to cook the raw meat.
 Some people mentioned that the album 's title , Memory Almost Full , is an anagram of " for my <unk> <unk> " ( the initials of Linda Louise McCartney ) . When asked if this was intentional , McCartney replied ; " Some things are best left a mystery " . In an interview with Pitchfork Media , McCartney clarified , " I must say , someone told me [ there is an anagram ] , and I think it 's a complete mystery , because it 's so complete . There does appear to be an anagram in the title . And it 's a mystery . It was not intentional . " The album 's title was actually inspired by a message that came up on his mobile phone . He thought the
The work was completed two weeks ahead of schedule and his crew did an excellent
 Surrounding the base of the monument is a <unk> floor embedded with a " star map " . The map depicts the Northern Hemisphere sky at the moment of President Roosevelt 's dedication of the dam . This is intended to help future astronomers , if necessary , calculate the exact date of dedication . The 30 @-@ foot @-@ high ( 9 @.@ 1 m ) bronze figures , dubbed " <unk> Figures of the Republic " , were each formed in a continuous pour . To put such large bronzes into place without <unk> the highly polished bronze surface , they were placed on ice and guided into position as the ice melted . Hansen 's bas @-@ relief on the Nevada elevator tower depicts the benefits of the dam : flood control , navigation , irrigation , water storage , and power . The bas @-@ relief on the Arizona elevator depicts , in his words , " the <unk> of those Indian tribes who have inhabited mountains and plains from ages distant
We told him we wanted to order our food to-go and he still offered
 I Am Among You As He
 Critical reception of Illinois was overwhelmingly positive . Review aggregator Metacritic compiled 40 critic reviews of Illinois and gave the album a 90 out of 100 , indicating " universal acclaim " , designating it the best @-@ reviewed album of 2005 . Andy <unk> of The A.V. Club said that Stevens " has grown into one of the best song @-@ makers in indie rock " with the album . Tim <unk> of NME called Illinois " a <unk> little <unk> " and described Stevens as " prolific , intelligent and — most importantly — <unk> with heart @-@ <unk> melodies . " Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone responded favorably to the album , praising the " over @-@ the @-@ top arrangements " and Stevens ' " breathy , gentle voice " . Sheffield criticized " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " , stating that it " <unk> nothing about American life except the existence of
 According to an anonymous veteran of the unit , it mostly comprised recently discharged servicemen from the French forces who were having trouble adapting to civilian life . " They didn 't know how to do anything else , only how to jump with a parachute and obey orders , " he explained , " and they liked that kind of thing . " Others , he said , were members of the political far right who had joined up "
Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not
9484	It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major
 On the morning of 25 June , the company of the 6th Battalion at Nevesinje reported that rebels were gathering to attack the town ; Nevesinje 's Ustaše commissioner claimed that the rebel force numbered 5 @,@ 000 , and were led by a former Yugoslav Army colonel . About 10 : 00 , the town was attacked from the south and southwest . In response , the Home Guard despatched two more companies of the 6th Battalion from Mostar to Nevesinje . That morning , reports also arrived from Bileća and Stolac that rebels were approaching the village of Berkovići from the north , and had captured the gendarmerie post at <unk> <unk> . About 11 : 30 , the Ustaše commissioner for Stolac reported that 3 @,@ 000 Montenegrins had gathered between Nevesinje and Stolac , and he requested the immediate supply of 150 rifles for his men . A rebel attack on the gendarmerie post in the village
When asked about the Croque Madame, he replied "it's a
Why would he fill the freon and charge us if he knew it would die?
1292	A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to
I didn't notice the chicken was missing until I was half done but once I could get the attention of our server, I informed him and told him I was almost done so I didn't want
 Joseph Bertin wrote in his <unk> textbook The Noble Game of Chess , " He that plays first , is understood to have the attack . " This is consistent with the traditional view that White , by virtue of the first move , begins with the initiative and should try to extend it into the <unk> , while Black should strive to neutralize White 's initiative and attain equality . Because White begins with the initiative , a minor mistake by White generally leads only to loss of the initiative , while a similar mistake by Black
11465	Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his
He explained it
 The majority of material created for previous games , such as the <unk> system and the design of maps , was carried over . Alongside this , improvements were made to the game 's graphics and some elements were expanded , such as map layouts , mission structure , and the number of playable units per mission . A part of this upgrade involved creating unique <unk> models for each character 's body . In order to achieve this , the cooperative elements incorporated into the second game were removed , as they took up a large portion of memory space needed for the improvements . They also adjusted the difficulty settings and ease of play so they could appeal to new players while retaining the essential components of the series ' gameplay . The newer systems were decided upon early in development . The character designs were done by <unk> Honjou , who had worked on the previous Valkyria Chronicles games . When creating the Nameless Squad , Honjou was faced with the same problem he had had during the first game : the military uniforms essentially destroyed character individuality , despite him needing to create unique characters the player could identify while maintaining a sense of reality within the Valkyria Chronicles world . The main color of the Nameless was black . As with the previous Valkyria games , Valkyria
He gives me a promise that he'd go
 Djedkare Isesi also undertook building activities in relation with his " sed " festival as indicated by a decree that he sent to his vizier Senedjemib Inti on the year of the 16th cattle count , praising him for his work . The decree mentions the construction of a broad rectangular court or artificial lake for the jubilee of the king , some 1000 <unk> long and 400 <unk> wide , amounting to c . 525 m × 231 m ( 1 @,@ <unk> ft × <unk> ft ) . The court was located within the precincts of a palace built for the ceremonies of the " sed "
I heard of him from a friend about 10 years ago and he has
 When asked how he , as the son of Holocaust survivors , felt about Israel ’ s operation in Gaza
 In August 1859 Abraham Lincoln visited land he had invested in Council Bluffs , and while there did not consider it worth the time to cross the river to the village of
Our Lyft driver asked what Thai restaurant we were going to and I mentioned Thai Style and he gave us the thumbs
We haven't seen this level of competence, work ethic and overall professionalism in many years and Dan brings all of that to his projects.
 Despite his rise in prominence , Briggs was at first ineligible for state offices because he did not own property . In 1830 he decided to run for Congress , for which there was no such requirement . He was elected to the twenty @-@ second through the twenty @-@ fourth <unk> as an Anti @-@ <unk> , and as a Whig
He said he made a note that I called
 The poem is quoted in Chapter 1 of P. G. Wodehouse 's novel Full Moon ( 1947 ) : " ' Coming here ? Freddie ? ' <unk> <unk> seemed to be <unk> his sense , as though of hemlock he had drunk
How can he complain when he is only in
The chef also came out to inquire how the food was and introduced himself, and he clearly takes rightful pride in his menu.
My friend's background is Chinese, and he prides himself on his rice-cooking skills; whatever the type of restaurant, he rarely enjoys the rice dishes, because
For desert I had the fudge Sunday, my wife had the sticky toffee and my son had sherbet.
 The Confederate ordnance establishment at Little Rock was reactivated in August , 1862 . Looking around for a suitable person to head this activity , General Hindman turned to the Confederate Navy and borrowed Lieutenant John W. Dunnington . Lt. Dunnington was the commander of the gunboat <unk> <unk> , which had been brought to Little Rock in hopes of converting it to an ironclad . Dunnington was selected to head the ordnance works at Little Rock , and although he continued to draw his pay from the Confederate Navy Department , he was placed in charge of all Confederate ordnance activities ( which included artillery functions ) there with the rank of lieutenant colonel . 
10965	... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you
 Federer started his season by participating in the Brisbane International as
When I asked to see the license of the technician he said "I do
 In January 1844 , North Carolina Representative James <unk> McKay , the chairman of the Committee on Ways and <unk> , solicited the views of Director Patterson on the gold dollar . Patterson had more of Gobrecht 's pattern dollar struck to show to committee members , again advising against a coin that if issued would be only about a half inch ( 13 mm ) in diameter . He told Treasury Secretary John C. Spencer that the only gold coins of that size in commerce , the
Phillips bristled slightly when asked about some perceived slow starts to international campaigns -- Two years ago in the first match in Dublin I was man of the match, so I don't know where that comes from, he
The staff is wonderful (particularly the male owner although I don't know his name) and there are plenty of unique
 The booklet argued that " those who do not have to work hard with their limbs , and those who are inclined to sit about " will " store up their protein for passion " , making retirement , for example , a period of increased passion and marital <unk> . He left several unpublished manuscripts , including a novel , Behind the <unk>
11200	Maybe he
His form could spark renewed interest from some of Europe's biggest clubs but McManaman said: I think he will stay anyway as he has just signed a new
The guy was very nice on the phone taking my order, but then 30 MIN later, I receive some call from Gary saying that they do not deliver to me.
I stated that I saw the whole thing and that the 15 year old boy clearly pushed my son off of the ride.
 After a Boise State unsportsmanlike conduct penalty , ECU began its their 39 – yard line , needing only to rush the ball to keep the clock moving in order to secure the win . On the second rush by Chris Johnson , however , he fumbled the ball . The fumble was recovered by Broncos ' defender Marty Tadman at the ECU 47 – yard line and returned all the way for a touchdown . After the <unk> , Boise State tied East Carolina 38 – 38 . The fumble and touchdown turned what had been an inevitable ECU
2033	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation
I got the cookies n were about to come out, a women (first I thought was a man first) with very shirt hair like buzz cut came up screaming (in a very public harsh n
I own a suit now, thanks to Christina, my boy Marse who
 Innis examined the rise and fall of ancient empires as a way of tracing the effects of communications media . He looked at media that led to the growth of an empire ; those that sustained it
He made a success of it on Sunday, his 38 seeing England home in tense and tricky circumstances with some fine spinners exploiting a used pitch.
2507	Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude
Planning to be a journalist, Seeger attended Harvard, where he founded a radical newspaper and
 As a result of this event , Taylor summoned Khánh to his office . Khánh sent Thi , Kỳ , the commander of the Republic of Vietnam Navy Admiral Chung Tấn Cang and IV Corps commander General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu , and after beginning with " Do all of you understand English ? " , Taylor harshly <unk> them and threatened cuts in aid . While angered by Taylor 's manner , the officers defended themselves in a restrained way . The next day Khánh met Taylor and the Vietnamese leader made oblique
 In 2007 Goffman was listed by The Times Higher Education Guide as the sixth most @-@ cited author in the humanities and social sciences , behind Anthony Giddens and ahead of Jürgen Habermas . His popularity with the general public has been attributed to his writing style , described as " sardonic , <unk> , <unk> " , and as " ironic and self @-@ consciously literary " , and to its being more accessible than that of most academics
Jared Kushner failed to disclose he led
My son and I were seated in
For example, Sherman had his teeth cleaned, which is
Cable, following on, said he was sure HMRC will want to look at it.
The question of whether Davie followed Pollock's lead or pursued his own parallel, but independent path has hung over Davie's work.
In hindsight, I guess I should have docked his
He said they had sex in his office very,
Yes, this Russell, Rosss divorce lawyer, just tell him
 In <unk> , it was Hamilton who came out on top , exactly six @-@ tenths of a second ahead of Rosberg . Verstappen was third fastest , ahead of Ricciardo in fifth . Kimi Räikkönen had to abandon his first fast lap after running wide in turn four , but later set a time good enough for fourth . Meanwhile , Sebastian Vettel recorded just one timed lap , saving a set of tyres and was sixth . On his return to Toro Rosso , Kvyat was eliminated in 13th place , while teammate Sainz went through to Q3 . Sergio Pérez advanced as well , <unk> his teammate <unk> into elimination in the process , who would line up eleventh on the grid . <unk> him on the
3312	It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
My father just died. I own the house he lived in. His ex wife is trying to take it. What do I need to
So he leaves and I call NV energy
Trump attacks 'fake polls and fake news' as reports say he has worst approval
 The common starling is 19 – 23 cm ( 7 @.@ 5 – 9 @.@ 1 in ) long , with a wingspan of 31 – 44 cm ( 12 – 17 in ) and a weight of 58 – 101 g ( 2 @.@ 0 – 3 @.@ 6 oz ) . Among standard measurements , the wing chord is 11 @.@ 8 to 13 @.@ 8 cm ( 4 @.@ 6 to 5 @.@ 4 in ) , the tail is 5 @.@ 8 to 6 @.@ 8 cm ( 2 @.@ 3 to 2 @.@ 7 in ) , the <unk> is 2 @.@ 5 to 3 @.@ 2 cm ( 0 @.@ 98 to 1 @.@ 26 in ) and the <unk> is 2 @.@ 7 to 3 @.@ 2 cm ( 1 @.@ 1 to 1 @.@ 3 in ) . The plumage is <unk> black , <unk> purple or green , and spangled with white , especially in winter . The underparts of adult male common starlings are less spotted than those of adult females at a given time of year . The throat feathers of males are long and loose and are used in display while those of females are smaller and more pointed . The legs are stout and <unk> or greyish @-@ red . The bill is narrow and conical with a sharp tip ; in the winter it is brownish @-@ black but in summer , females have lemon yellow beaks while males have yellow bills with blue @-@ grey bases . <unk> occurs once a <unk> in late summer after the breeding season has finished ; the fresh feathers are prominently tipped white ( breast feathers ) or buff ( wing and back feathers ) , which gives the bird a speckled appearance . The reduction in the spotting in the breeding season is achieved through the white feather tips largely wearing off . Juveniles are grey @-@ brown and by their first winter resemble adults though often retaining some brown juvenile <unk> , especially on the head . They can usually be <unk> by the colour of the irises , rich brown in males , mouse @-@ brown or grey in females . <unk> the contrast between an iris and the central always @-@ dark pupil is 97 % accurate in determining sex , rising to 98 % if the length of the throat feathers is also considered . The common starling is mid @-@ sized by both starling standards and <unk> standards . It is readily distinguished from other mid @-@ sized
We called our friend who assesses auto body damage, explained the damage, and he said the repair
The day when I have my second accident called him and as soon as I mentioned that I have another accident he pick up the phone but thanks God I have already founded another lawyer and told him that I was only calling to advice that have another accident because
He did my cleaning and he takes his time which I really
Many Scottish hair and beauty salons are planning to take on more staff following a rise in the popularity of male grooming, according to a
Won his golden oldies battle with
 In October 2004 , Dylan published the first part of his autobiography , Chronicles : Volume One . <unk> expectations , Dylan devoted three chapters to his first year in New York City in 1961 – 1962 , virtually ignoring the mid @-@ 1960s when his fame was at its height . He also devoted chapters to the albums New Morning ( 1970 ) and Oh Mercy ( 1989 ) . The book reached number two on The New York Times ' Hardcover Non @-@ Fiction best seller list in
He stated that we
He went out of his way to take care of us.
My boyfriend even said.. "I haven't even met him, but I know he's good at his job because I saw results within the first month and you have kept with it for
We waited a while for the server to even come to the table so we were able to order immediately when he first arrived, then waited
 In May 2009 , the Court of Appeal ruled that photographs collected by FITs of people who have not committed a criminal offence can no longer be kept . The ruling was made after Andrew Wood , an arms trade activist , was photographed after challenging the management of Reed <unk> at their <unk> over them organising arms trade exhibitions . Wood argued that police had harassed him and <unk> his right to privacy by photographing him . Lord Collins of <unk> said that the police presence had a " chilling effect " on people who were protesting <unk> . FITs have not been
We started to cuddle and I was unable to get an erection, he told
[30/F] My boyfriend just left me because I complained about him behind his back
He again showed his concern and I could tell that he truly cared about
The delivery guy called when he was 5 minutes away.
His ice cream was incredibly creamy with the perfect amount of sweetness, and his scoop of ice cream was so
Jesse,our server, was knowledgeable and very patient with us as he made
Spencer was thoroughly examined and then we even spent time discussing his diet and other concerns.
My dog is a chubby little sheltie and his fur was a
 Retaliation had 700 visual effects shots , which were mostly handled by three effects companies . Visual effects supervisor Zachary <unk> declared that while the visuals aimed for the " big and bold " typical of the franchise , Retaliation would be the first to attempt " a bit more of that gritty realism . " The major part of the effects was given to Digital <unk> , which for 227 effects created digital vehicles and aircraft that had to " look fantastic but which are also plausible " , given they had to match practical models , the Zeus satellite and a sequence where Zartan shows his <unk> @-@ related disguise to the president - done with the same head replacement software developed for The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and <unk> : Legacy . Industrial Light & Magic made the London destruction , a digital White House , and the mountain sword fight , which had computer @-@ generated backgrounds and digital <unk> of the stunt people 's performance . Method Studios was responsible for
 Orozco , who saw himself as being instrumental in Madero 's victory over Díaz , was merely appointed as a commander of the <unk> in Chihuahua , which increased his resentment . When he tried to run for governor of the state , Madero supported his opponent , Abraham González and eventually pressured Orozco to drop out of the race . When , in the aftermath of the Plan of <unk> , Madero ordered Orozco to lead federal troops to suppress Zapata , Orozco refused . In March 1912 , Orozco issued his Plan of <unk> and formally declared himself in rebellion against Madero
 Andy <unk> gave the restaurant a score of six out of ten on his scale during his November 2011 visit . The redeeming feature of his trip was a dish of <unk> , he thought , served with a <unk> of pear in <unk> wine and Savoy cabbage with a red wine and smoked chocolate sauce ,
Getting out to early leads will again be key to the Wizards success as they work to keep the tempo high enough to suit the speed and skills of John Wall and to create
After what the prime minister described as a strong and spirited two-hour cabinet discussion, he announced the government would introduce amendments as soon as Thursday to
 In 2007 , the widow of Officer Faulkner <unk> a book with Philadelphia radio journalist Michael <unk> entitled <unk> by Mumia : A Life Sentence of Pain , Loss , and <unk> . The book was part memoir of Faulkner 's widow , part discussion in which they chronicled Abu @-@ Jamal 's trial and discussed evidence for his conviction , and part discussion on supporting the death penalty . J. Patrick O 'Connor , editor and publisher of <unk> , argues in his book The <unk> of Mumia Abu @-@ Jamal that the <unk> of evidence establishes that it was not Abu @-@ Jamal but a passenger in Abu @-@ Jamal 's brother 's car , Kenneth Freeman , who killed Faulkner , and that the Philadelphia Police Department and District Attorney 's Office framed Abu @-@ Jamal . His book was criticized in the American <unk> as " replete with selective use of testimony , distortions , <unk>
I explained, he apologized, and left.
I should've went to tim Horton but this place was closer so I gave
4465	It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his
(US) Is it legal not to hire someone because he won't
We had a vegetarian in the group and he was
 Among Busch 's last works were the stories Clement Dove , the Poet <unk> ( <unk> <unk> , der <unk> <unk> ) ( 1883 ) and Painter Squirtle ( Maler Klecksel ) ( 1884 ) , both of which focus on artistic failure , and indirectly his own failure . Both stories begin with a preface , which , for biographer Joseph Kraus , were <unk> pieces of " <unk> <unk> " — German comic poetry . Clement Dove ridicules the <unk> amateur poet circle of Munich , " The <unk> " ( Die <unk> ) , and their prominent members Emanuel <unk> , Paul von <unk> and Adolf <unk> . Painter Squirtle criticizes the <unk> art <unk> , who believes the worth of
 The Bulls returned to the Delta Center for Game 6 on June 14 , 1998 , leading the series 3 – 2 . Jordan executed a series of plays , considered to be one of the greatest clutch performances in NBA Finals history . With the Bulls trailing 86 – 83 with 41 @.@ 9 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter , Phil Jackson called a timeout . When play resumed , Jordan received the inbound pass , drove to the basket , and hit a shot over several Jazz defenders , cutting the Utah lead to 86 – 85 . The Jazz brought the ball <unk> and passed the ball to forward Karl Malone , who was set up in the low post and was being guarded by Rodman . Malone <unk> with Rodman and caught the pass , but Jordan cut behind him and took the ball out of his hands for a steal . Jordan then <unk> down the court and paused , <unk> his defender , Jazz guard <unk> Russell . With 10 seconds remaining , Jordan started to <unk> right , then crossed over to his left , possibly pushing off Russell , although the officials did not call a foul . With 5 @.@ 2 seconds left , Jordan gave Chicago an 87 – 86 lead with a game @-@ winning <unk> , the climactic shot of his Bulls career . Afterwards , John Stockton missed a game @-@ winning three @-@ pointer . Jordan and the Bulls won their sixth NBA championship and second three @-@ peat . Once again , Jordan was voted the Finals MVP , having led all scorers averaging 33 @.@ 5 points per game ,
 The forms in which the gods are shown , although diverse , are limited in many ways . Many creatures that are widespread in Egypt were never used in divine iconography , whereas a few , such as falcons , <unk> , and cattle , can each represent many deities . Animals that were absent from Egypt in the early stages of its history were not used as divine images . For instance , the horse , which was only introduced in the Second Intermediate Period ( c . 1650 – 1550 BC ) , never represented a god . Similarly , the clothes worn by anthropomorphic deities in all periods changed little from the styles used in the Old Kingdom : a <unk> , false beard , and often a shirt for male gods and a long , tight @-@ fitting dress for goddesses . 
When our meals come out, his 1/2 rack are dry & looks like it came from a pot
He told us we had LIED about the waitresses in the rear directing us to this table.
 In 2005 the Abbey Theatre , Dublin , produced the play with an all @-@ male cast ; it also featured Wilde as a character — the play opens with him drinking in a Parisian café , dreaming of his play . The Melbourne Theatre Company staged a production in
Edward knew I was in a desperate situation and he
 Another possible reference to the church may be in a marginal note from <unk> to a copy of the Acts of the Apostles . In the note , the <unk> , one <unk> , thanks God and the " Holy and Most Glorious Ascension " for having finished his work on the book . Scholar <unk> <unk> believes this to be an allusion to the Patriarchal Cathedral , which may
 Following on from Tintin in the Land of the Soviets and bolstered by publicity stunts , Tintin in the Congo was a commercial success within Belgium and was also serialised in France . Hergé continued The Adventures of Tintin with Tintin in America in 1932 , and the series subsequently became a defining part of the Franco @-@ Belgian comics tradition . In 1946 , Hergé re @-@ drew and coloured Tintin in the Congo in his distinctive ligne @-@ claire style for <unk> by Casterman , with further alterations made at the request of his Scandinavian publisher for a 1975 edition . In the late 20th century , Tintin in the Congo came under criticism for both its perceived racist colonial attitude toward the Congolese and for its glorification of big @-@ game hunting ; accordingly , attempts were made in Belgium , Sweden , the United Kingdom , and the United States to either ban the work or restrict its availability to children . Critical reception of the work has been largely negative , with commentators on The Adventures of Tintin describing
My boyfriend ate a good portion of my plate and loved it, and he hates mushrooms.
 Though Tim and Pete was his most controversial work , Boy Wonder is generally considered his magnum opus , and remains his most popular book . A black satire of the film industry , it is also a parody of the " oral biographies " popularized by George <unk> with his books about Edie <unk> and <unk> <unk> , in that the protagonist 's life is revealed in the form of interviews between the writer and the characters . Though it has been praised as " one of the few novels from the last couple of decades that could <unk> be called a classic " , reviewers have also pointed out
I am actually taking my 17 year stepson to him also, if
 Khánh <unk> and said " You should keep to your place as Ambassador ... as Ambassador , it is really not appropriate for you to be dealing in this way with the commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the armed forces on a political matter , nor was it appropriate for you to have summoned some of my generals to the Embassy yesterday . " He threatened to expel Taylor , who responded by saying a forced departure would mean the end of US support . However , Khánh later said he was open to the possibility of going abroad and asked Taylor if he thought this would be good for the country , to which the ambassador replied in the <unk> . Khánh also said he took responsibility for his generals ' actions , and expressed regret at what they had done
What I thought was so strange about this was he barely even touched Lily's back or neck.
It seemed like he just didn't want to be there or he was new
Again, he wasn't bad but wasn't really helpful or
9281	Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic
Pleasant, patience, helpful, happy .. extremely happy to have him as our server
 The leaking to the press of Woodfull 's comments to Warner angered the Australian captain . He had intended the comments to be private , and ill feeling grew in the Australian camp as speculation about who leaked the incident to the press grew and many of the team privately pointed the finger at Bradman . ( Bradman <unk> denied to his dying day that he had been responsible ; others , including Plum Warner , pointed the finger at Bradman 's team @-@ mate and journalist
478	Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
2279	It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself
He takes the time out of class to help anyone who
I know i'm slow after he said that, that's when i realized why they had his cookbooks
 Thus , Innis travelled extensively beginning in the summer of 1924 when he and a friend <unk> an 18 @-@ foot ( 5 @.@ 5 m ) canvas @-@ covered <unk> hundreds of miles down the Peace River to Lake <unk> ; then down the Slave River to Great Slave Lake . They completed their journey down the Mackenzie , Canada 's longest river , to the Arctic Ocean on a small Hudson 's Bay Company <unk> . During his travels , Innis supplemented his fur research by gathering information on other staple products such as lumber , pulp
 Elements of the game appeared in the Mega Man comic series from Archie Comics before it went on hiatus . Most notably , King appeared during a time travel story in issue 20 , while issue 55 saw
Great North air ambulance said it airlifted a 12-year-old boy who had suffered serious facial injuries to the RVI, where his condition
1293	For the first time in years , De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
7764	Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his
 <unk> ( <unk> ) is a member of the Ōzora Group . He is in love with <unk> 32 <unk>
 There were also conflicts between the king and the Scots , whose church was ruled by a system of elected assemblies called presbyterianism . James , Charles 's predecessor as King of Scotland , made it clear that he intended to impose elements of episcopal church government and the Book of Common Prayer on the Scots beginning in 1604 . The Scots considered this a <unk> to Roman Catholicism . Charles furthered English <unk> on the Church of Scotland in <unk> and 1637 . This led to the First Bishops ' War between Charles and the Scots in 1639 . Charles called what came to be known as the Short Parliament to raise funds for the war , but he soon dissolved it when it began voicing opposition to his policies . Following the Second Bishops ' War with the Scots in 1640 , Charles was forced to
 The Stockholm drawing contains a narrow blank gap to the right of the bishop with a few <unk> lines that could represent the lower profile of the kneeling figure of Saint Catherine . Although none of the faces in the three surviving panels match any in the drawing , a 1971 reconstruction by art historian John Ward — which combined all of the works into a composition of a central Virgin and Child flanked by six saints — is widely accepted . The Stockholm drawing 's original location or history before the 19th century is unknown , except that the <unk> shows a surviving carving of the
He always answered my questions, told me the info
 Anderson spent two <unk> as an English major at Emerson College , and only two days at New York University before he began his career as a production assistant on television films , music videos and game shows in Los Angeles and New York City . Feeling that the material shown to him at film school turned the experience into " <unk> or a <unk> " , Anderson decided to make a twenty @-@ minute film that would be his " college "
5204	Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced
 If it turns out that the fox has no adequate reason to give for his behavior , you are to arrest and punish him at once . If you <unk> to take action in this matter I shall issue orders for the destruction of every fox in the land . Any other <unk> that you may wish to be informed of in reference to what
What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
Randy will do his best to take care
Takes way too long when the barista is taking his time.
 Meanwhile , the <unk> <unk> of 1648 had elected a new king , Jan Kazimierz II Vasa . Wiśniowiecki supported other candidates , such as George I <unk> and Karol <unk> Vasa ( Jan Kazimierz 's brother ) . Due to the opposition from Jeremi 's detractors , he was not granted a hetman position , although after a full two days of debate on the subject he was granted a document that stated he had a " power equal to that of a hetman . " Wiśniowiecki faction , arguing for increase in army size , was once again <unk> by the faction that hoped for a peaceful resolution . In
 Jordan 's second season was cut short by a broken foot in the third game of the season , which caused him to miss 64 games . Despite Jordan 's injury and a 30 – 52 record ( at the time it was fifth worst record of any team to qualify for the playoffs in NBA history ) , the Bulls made the playoffs . Jordan recovered in time to participate in the playoffs and performed well upon his return . Against a 1985 – 86 Boston Celtics team that is often considered one of the greatest in NBA history , Jordan set the still @-@ unbroken record for points in a playoff game with 63 in Game 2 . The Celtics , however ,
He not only showed me where things were but recommended things when I asked him.
 Until the Whole World Hears was nominated for the Pop / Contemporary Album of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards Two of its three singles also received award nominations ; its title track was nominated for Pop / Contemporary Record Song of the Year at the 41st GMA Dove Awards , and " Glorious Day ( Living He Loved Me ) " has been nominated for Song of the Year and Worship
 Don White was appointed as England 's first @-@ ever coach in 1969 . According to former Northampton player Bob Taylor , " Don was chosen because he was the most forward @-@ thinking coach in England " . His first match in charge was an 11 – 8 victory over South Africa at Twickenham in 1969 . Of the eleven games England played with White in charge they won three , and drew one and lost seven . He resigned as
 In 1987 – 88 , the club came close to returning to the top division when they missed out on promotion on the final day of the season . Following relegation back to Division Three , after Geoffrey Richmond became chairman in January 1994 the club 's fortunes were lifted . He helped to take them to their first appearance at Wembley and subsequently into the Premier League , where they played for two seasons . Following Richmond 's self @-@ proclaimed " six weeks of madness " and the collapse of television channel ITV Digital , the club suffered its first spell in administration . Another period under administration followed , and City dropped through the leagues of professional English football back to the bottom tier of The Football League , until promotion in 2012 – 13 brought them back up a division . In January 2013 , City became the first club from the fourth tier of English football since 1962 to reach the Football League Cup final , and the first fourth @-@ tier club ever to reach a
9728	Elmo touts his drug as
 Continuing north , they soon run out of gas , but receive help from the Aurora Boreanaz , who instructs them to stay at a nearby cabin . The two survive the night in the cabin and set out on foot the next morning . They finally make it to Santa 's workshop , only to find a dark , <unk> factory in a dreary , polluted , lifeless wasteland , Santa a sickly and somewhat <unk> old man , the elves horribly <unk> and <unk> from Santa 's attempt to keep up with the increasing toy demands year after year , and the reindeer carnivorous feral monsters that eat the elves who wandered out into the snow to die of exhaustion . Santa suddenly collapses and is too sick to deliver the presents . Brian and Stewie agree to do it , only to waste
10471	The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
 On 20 April 1812 , a " large crowd of <unk> individuals " compelled local retailers to sell foods at a loss , whilst on the same day <unk> numbering in their thousands , many of whom were from Oldham , attacked a cotton mill in nearby Middleton . On 16 August 1819 , Oldham sent a contingent estimated at well above 10 @,@ 000 to hear speakers in St Peter 's Fields at Manchester discuss political reform ; it was the largest contingent sent to Manchester . John Lees , a cotton operative and ex @-@ soldier who had fought at Waterloo , was one of the fifteen victims of the <unk> Massacre which followed . The ' Oldham <unk> ' which proceeded the massacre was <unk> watched ; the Court
Even at his lowest, there were glimpses of the player he could be, and that was enough for Sale to stick with him again this
8345	Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the
 " Burns ' Heir " was the first episode in which <unk> Richdale received a writers ' credit , although he was a part of the show 's staff for several seasons . When he was starting out as a writer on the show , Richdale was told to come up with some story ideas and he came up with the basic plot off the top of his head . David Silverman was originally going to direct the episode , but he was so swamped with his work as supervising director that it was reassigned to Mark Kirkland . While the Simpsons are at a movie , there is a parody of the THX sound Deep Note . During that scene , a man 's head explodes in a reference to the film <unk> . The THX executives liked the parody so much that the scene was made into an actual
2416	It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
Pressure is building to oust Mozilla's new chief executive amid a social media campaign by its own workers aimed at forcing him to step down over a donation he
I'll probably be branching out if I can't reserve with him in the
I told the waiter and he said
The alarm bells sounded for Harlequins when Samoa centre George Pisi picked his way through their defence, but a weak clearance kick gave North the opportunity to attack and he bounced through a weak challenge from opposite number
 Regarded throughout his playing career as one of the best defenders in hockey , Ross was named to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1949 , selected for his playing career rather than his work as an executive . A ceremony for his induction was held prior to a Bruins game on December 2 , 1949 , where he was given his Hall
 Maclagen sent the 11th Battalion , Captain Joseph Lalor 's company of the 12th Battalion and Major James Robertson 's of the 9th , towards Baby 700 . Brockman divided his own company , sending half up the right fork of Rest Gully , and half up the left , while Brockman and a reserve platoon headed up Monash Valley . As they moved forward , Turkish artillery targeted them with air burst shrapnel shells , which dispersed the companies . This , coupled with
5042	Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long
A lot of them involve helping the adults that are around children, he said.
 The nucleus was the first organelle to be discovered . What is most likely the oldest preserved drawing dates back to the early <unk> <unk> van <unk> ( 1632 – 1723 ) . He observed a " <unk> " , the nucleus
Among those previously set free was the deputy Taliban commander for southern Kandahar province, who was released days after Canadian forces captured him in 2010.
 He idolized his elder brother Terry , who was considered a top NHL prospect until Terry 's career was ended when he suffered a broken neck after being hit from behind into the boards during a college game . While his brother was highly sought by American universities , John received only two scholarship offers , choosing to play for Boston University ( BU )
1576	Instead , he shows them the respect they are due
 In his 1924 publication dealing with Kent , the archaeologist O. G. S. Crawford , then working as the archaeological officer for the Ordnance Survey , listed the Coldrum Stones alongside the other Medway Megaliths . In 1926 , the Coldrum Stones were given to The National Trust , who dedicated it as a memorial to the <unk> historian Benjamin Harrison . A plaque was erected to mark this , which erroneously termed the monument a stone circle ; in 1953 , the archaeologist Leslie <unk> expressed the view that " it is hoped that this error may be rectified in the near future " . Still owned by the Trust , the site is open to visitors all year round , free of charge . On their website , the Trust advises visitors to look for " stunning views from the top of the barrow " . John H. Evans characterised the site as " the most impressive " of the Medway Megaliths ,
One official, surnamed Liu, told Xinhua he had quit his job instead of forcing his wife home
He also sold me inserts that help
 Watson examines Raffles 's actions within the broader context of <unk> , with Raffles acting within his own moral code " of what is ' done ' and ' not done ' . " Orwell , in his essay " Raffles and Miss <unk> " , observes that when Raffles feels remorse , it " is almost purely social ; he has disgraced ' the old school ' , he has lost his right to enter ' decent society ' , he has
 No. 2 Group , which had been established on 20 November 1939 , was re @-@ formed as one of the first two area commands , Central Area , on 7 March 1940 . Headquartered in Sydney , Central Area Command was given control of all Air Force units in New South Wales except those in the southern <unk> and the north of the state . Units in Queensland were also temporarily assigned to its control , pending the formation of Northern Area . Central Area 's inaugural AOC was Air Commodore Adrian " King " Cole , who had also led No. 2 Group . His senior air staff officer
 The location for a specific tree as the possible inspiration for the poem has been claimed by several places and institutions connected to Kilmer 's life — among these are Rutgers University , the University of Notre Dame , and towns across the country that Kilmer visited . However , Kilmer 's eldest son , Kenton , declares that the poem does not apply to any one tree — that it could apply equally to any . " Trees " was written in an upstairs bedroom at the family 's home in Mahwah , New Jersey that " looked out down a hill , on our well @-@ wooded lawn . " Ironically , Kenton Kilmer stated that while his father was " widely known for his affection for trees , his affection was certainly not sentimental
I introduced myself  to the owner, Keith and was treated to sample after sample of all of the AMAZING flavors that he had
 Bédard planned to leave Polytron after finishing Fez to experience work with a full development team , but stayed to port the Windows release before joining Toronto 's <unk> Games . He credited the game 's long development cycle to his own inexperience in game development ( compounded by the team 's small size and difficulty in setting reasonable milestones ) , the game 's scope , and Fish 's <unk> . Fish had hoped that players would
 In 1939 , on the eve of World War II , Eaton became the inaugural commanding officer of No. 12 ( General Purpose ) Squadron at the newly established RAAF Station Darwin in Northern Australia . Promoted group captain the following year , he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1942 . He took command of No. 79 Wing at Batchelor , Northern Territory , in 1943 , and was mentioned in despatches during operations in the South West Pacific . <unk> from the RAAF in December 1945 , Eaton took up diplomatic posts in the Dutch East Indies , heading a United Nations commission as Consul @-@ General during the Indonesian National Revolution . He returned to Australia in 1950 , and served in Canberra for a further two years . <unk> known as " Moth " Eaton , he was a farmer in later life , and died in 1979 at the age of 83 .
The guy
An IDF spokesman did
 He rose early , and after <unk> for breakfast made bread that would rise while he was on patrol , ready for his evening meal . Otherwise his diet consisted
A manager lying and saying he will pull a receipt and refund you and not doing so, leaves a bad taste , on top of getting a simple order wrong
When he is playing badly it is a desperate act that hopes to
 The first version of the script attested is Asomtavruli which dates back to at least the 5th century ; the other scripts were formed in the following centuries . Most scholars link the creation of the Georgian alphabet to the process of Christianisation of a core Georgian @-@ speaking kingdom , that is , <unk> ( or Iberia in Classical sources ) . The alphabet was therefore most probably created between the conversion of Iberia under King <unk> III ( 326 or 337 ) and the Bir el <unk> inscriptions of 430 , <unk> with the Armenian alphabet . It was first used for translation of the Bible and other Christian literature into Georgian , by monks in Georgia and Palestine . Professor <unk> <unk> 's dating of fragmented Asomtavruli inscriptions , discovered by him at the ruined town of <unk> , in Georgia 's easternmost province of <unk> , in the 1980s , to the 1st or 2nd century has not been universally accepted . 
"My (32M) husband complains about how much I (25f) sleep, and goes out of his way to wake me up in the morning"
He helped me switch contact brands due to my dissatisfaction of
While they were all friendly, our water just didn't go beyond what he
5/10 James Milner Trialled at right-back and it only took eight minutes to see why his natural position is in midfield, as Walter Ayovi
When we were handed our menus, this guy named Jose I believe asked us for our drink order and told us
So anyway, um, his head is
 In 1946 , Innis was elected president of the Royal Society of Canada , the country 's senior body of scientists and scholars . That same year , he served on the Manitoba Royal Commission on Adult Education and published Political Economy in the Modern State , a collection of his speeches and essays that reflected both his staples research and his new work in communications . In 1947 , Innis was appointed the University of Toronto 's dean of graduate studies . In 1948 , he
so im shocked enough as it is and he then says i need braces, fillings(i believe him
 Innis was influenced by the university 's two eminent communications scholars , George Herbert Mead and Robert E. Park . Although he did not attend any of these famous professors ' classes , Innis did absorb their idea that communication involved much more than the transmission of information . James W. Carey writes that Mead and Park " characterized communication as the entire process whereby a culture is brought into existence , maintained in time , and <unk> into institutions " . 
I was embarrassed that he would stand by with a security officer
His face shows the price he has paid.
 Despite continued resistance from Kamaludiningrat , Dahlan prevails and <unk> his teaching . Together with Walidah , and the students <unk> ( <unk> <unk> ) , <unk> ( Mario <unk> ) , <unk> ( Dennis <unk> ) , <unk> ( Ricky <unk> ) , and <unk> ( Giring Ganesha ) , he <unk> the progressive Islamic organisation Muhammadiyah , which <unk> Islam without any influence from Javanese mysticism
My husband has a flat black dip job on his truck and it looks filthy after 2 days of normal
5256	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities
Myler left the field for treatment and returned with his right thigh heavily strapped, which may have explained his wayward kick, but Botica capitalised when he landed
The Spaniard subsequently skipped past a crude lunge from Gary Medel before pulling the ball back for Dzeko who mis-hit his shot from six yards and watched in relief as referee Neil Swarbrick used goal line technology to award
I'm glad he didn't come charge at me or something,
Not to mention that his lady came in first and mine came in 5-10
1932	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few
 The exact date of " Ode to a Nightingale " , as well as " Ode on Indolence " , " Ode on Melancholy " , and " Ode on a Grecian Urn " , is unknown , as Keats dated all as ' May 1819 ' . However , he worked on the four poems together , and there is a unity in both their stanza forms and their themes . The exact order the poems were written in is also unknown , but they form a sequence within their structures . While Keats
 Egyptian writings describe the gods ' bodies in detail . They are made of precious materials ; their flesh is gold , their bones are silver , and their hair is <unk> <unk> . They give off a scent that the Egyptians likened to the incense used in rituals . Some texts give precise descriptions of particular deities , including their height and eye color . Yet these characteristics are not fixed ; in myths , gods change their appearances to suit their own purposes . Egyptian texts often refer to deities ' true , underlying forms as " mysterious " . The Egyptians ' visual representations of their gods are therefore not literal . They symbolize specific aspects of each deity 's character , functioning much like the <unk> in hieroglyphic writing . For this reason , the funerary god Anubis is commonly shown in Egyptian art as a dog or <unk> , a creature whose <unk> habits threaten the preservation of buried mummies , in an effort to counter this threat and employ it for protection . His black
 During his first season in the NBA , Jordan averaged 28 @.@ 2 ppg on 51 @.@ 5 % shooting . He quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas , and appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated with the heading " A Star Is Born " just over a month into his professional career . Jordan was also voted in as an All @-@ Star starter by the fans in his rookie season . Controversy arose before the All @-@ Star game when word surfaced that several veteran players , led by Isiah Thomas , were upset by the amount of attention Jordan was receiving . This led to a so @-@ called " freeze @-@ out " on Jordan , where players refused to pass him the ball throughout the game . The controversy left Jordan relatively unaffected when he returned to regular season play , and he would go on to be voted Rookie of the Year . The Bulls finished the season 38 – 44 , and lost in the first round of the playoffs in four games
He never showed up, never called or texted, just left
I can't believe he
 Baibars ventured into the area around Krak des Chevaliers in 1270 and allowed his men to <unk> their animals on the fields around the castle . When he received news that year of the Eighth Crusade led by King Louis IX of France , Baibars left for Cairo to avoid a confrontation . After Louis died in 1271 Baibars returned to deal with Krak des Chevaliers . Before he marched on the castle the Sultan captured the smaller castles in the area , including <unk> Blanc . On 3 March ,
I asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says "Well what do you want to know specials on?"
I really like the way he taught us, making sure we all get it before moving on
 By 1975 , Applewhite and Nettles had taken the names " Bo " and " <unk> " . They had about 70 followers and saw themselves as shepherds tending a flock . Applewhite believed that complete separation from <unk> desires was a prerequisite of ascension to the Next Level and emphasized passages in the New Testament in which Jesus spoke about <unk> worldly <unk> . Members were consequently instructed to renounce : friends , family , media , drugs , alcohol , jewelry , facial hair , and sexuality . Furthermore , they were required to adopt biblical names . Applewhite and Nettles soon told them to adopt two @-@ syllable names that ended in " <unk> " and had three consonants in the first syllable , such as <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ; Applewhite stated that these names emphasized that his followers were spiritual children . Applewhite , Nettles , and their followers lived what religious scholar James Lewis describes as
 This clade became the basis of B. subseries <unk> , which Thiele defined as containing those taxa with very long and slender styles , smoothly convex perianth limbs without a <unk> ridge , and thickened margins . In accordance with their cladogram , their arrangement placed B. violacea first in taxonomic sequence , followed by B. laricina ( Rose @-@ <unk> Banksia ) . However , Thiele and Ladiges ' arrangement was not accepted by George , who , questioning the emphasis on <unk> , rejected most of their changes in his 1999 arrangement , restored B. series Abietinae to his broader 1981 definition , and abandoned all of Thiele and Ladiges ' subseries . George commented that the species has no close relatives , being " loosely allied " to B. sphaerocarpa ( Fox Banksia ) and B. <unk> ( Swamp Fox Banksia ) .
 A " king of Qedar " is also mentioned in a late 5th century BCE Aramaic inscription on a silver vessel found at Tell <unk> in the eastern Nile Delta in lower Egypt . The inscription names him as " <unk> son of Gashmu , " with the vessel described as an
Too talented to wallow in county cricket, he has played the occasional telling innings for his country
 York suffered their first home league defeat of the season after AFC Wimbledon won 2 – 0 , with Michael Smith scoring in each half . Former Ipswich Town midfielder Josh Carson , who had a spell on loan with York the previous season , signed a contract until the end of 2013 – 14 and Sheffield United midfielder Elliott <unk> signed on a one @-@ month loan . Brobbel opened the scoring in the second minute of his home debut against Mansfield Town , although the away team went on to score twice to win 2 – 1 . York 's run of four defeats ended following a 1 – 1 draw away to Wycombe Wanderers , in which McGurk gave York the lead before the home team levelled through Dean Morgan . Taft was sent back to Leicester after he fell behind McGurk , Parslow and Smith in the pecking order for a central defensive berth . York achieved their first win since the opening day of the season after beating Portsmouth 4
 Somerset began their season by playing out a high @-@ scoring draw at home against Warwickshire , in which both teams reached 500 in their first innings . James Hildreth scored a triple @-@ century , reaching the milestone earlier in an English season than any player previously , and became the first English player to pass 300 runs in an innings for Somerset since Harold <unk> in 1948 . In contrast , Somerset had to battle back for a draw in their second match . After Durham scored <unk> in their first innings , Somerset collapsed to 69 all out in reply ; only Langer passed 20 runs , while six of his batting colleagues made ducks . After being forced
[Update] Dad
My friend mentioned how much he liked the chicken
Efforts to investigate the extent of Communist infiltration began in 1920, with a memo asking simply: What do we know about the Red boy Scout
 Since his death , Baker 's reputation has steadily increased among critics and the reading public ; and his works now have cult status in the literary community . By 2006 , first editions of Adrenaline , Boy Wonder , Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams and Tim and Pete had become collector 's
 In Frame Analyses , Erving Goffman provides a platform for understanding and interpreting the interaction between individuals engaging speech communication . In the chapter “ The Frame Analyses of Talk , ” the focus is put on how words are exchanged and what is being said , specifically in informal talk or conversation . The concept of framing is introduced through an exploration of why <unk> occur in these basic , everyday conversations . He argues that they are more errors in verbal framing than anything else . The types of frames Goffman is considering are discussed in previous sections of the book , “ <unk> , <unk> , frame breaks , <unk> , and , of course , frame disputes . ” That a frame can assume so many forms is the basis of his analyses , “ these <unk> are subject to a multitude of different <unk> - the warrant for a frame analysis in the first
The bar manager Andrew always gives me great service and great insight into the cocktails he
 Demokraten was originally the name of a short @-@ lived newspaper in Hamar started by Leopold <unk> in 1852 , connected to the Marcus <unk> movement . <unk> started a second newspaper , <unk> @-@ <unk> , in Hamar later in 1852 , to compete with his own Demokraten . An organ for the social liberal labour movement in the district , <unk> existed from 1889 to 1892 and was published out of
 After resigning the Royal secretariat of state in 1625 , the new Baron Baltimore made clear his intention to visit the colony : " I intend shortly , " he wrote in March , " God willing , a journey for Newfoundland to visit a plantation which I began there some few years since . " His plans were disrupted by the death of King James I , and by the <unk> on Catholics with which King Charles I began his reign in order to appease his opponents . The new King required all privy councillors to take the oaths of supremacy and allegiance ; and since Baltimore , as a Catholic , had to refuse , he was obliged to step down from that cherished office . Given the new religious and political climate , and perhaps also to escape a serious outbreak of plague in England , Baltimore moved to his estates in Ireland . His expedition to Newfoundland had set sail without him in late May 1625 under Sir Arthur Aston , who became the new provincial Governor of Avalon . 
6176	Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
It was the filming schedule for the latter that led to his absence from the tour of Australia last
I can't say enough about Bill and his
Seriously has the same playlist and ive asked him to play certain songs and he says he will.....buuuut doesnt
 During his time in Congress , Briggs was a vocal advocate for temperance . He formed the Congressional <unk> Society in 1833 , sitting on its executive committee ; at an 1836 temperance convention at Saratoga Springs , New York he advocated the taking
Defended 5 year son from 10 year
 Dylan 's Christianity was unpopular with some fans and musicians . Shortly before his murder , John Lennon recorded " Serve Yourself " in response to Dylan 's " Gotta
One sketch writer called him the Hon Member for
He arrives at a point when his international popularity seems to have risen once more to match his Eighties heyday.
3785	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper
the patient restrooms resemble that of a luxury hotel; also, there is meticulous attention paid to upkeep, which explains why his large facility still looks new after 8 years) - in addition to being very personable and super sharp, Dr Warkentin is extraordinarily skilled at diagnosing conditions, going well beyond what the normal chiropractor is capable of doing (he's caught life-threatening problems that patients' physicians have missed, even though they're not in his official realm of expertise) - he attends surgeries weekly with some of the most skilled doctors
I waited for about 10 minutes behind one couple, when it was my turn to check out (I was only getting a belt) the guy looked at me and skipped right past me.
He had the same issue.
10385	Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er ,
I got referred to this store by a co-worker and said that he would hook me up with everything.
6700	For a guy who has waited three years with breathless
He seemed really
 Bernard <unk> of The Gazette described the book as " more superficial but more positive " than the 2006 biography Van Morrison : No Surrender by Johnny Rogan . In a review of the book for The Palm Beach Post , Lisa McDonough wrote " Steve Turner 's Van Morrison : Too Late To Stop Now is not the final answer on Morrison – only Morrison could give that – but he does provide insights and updates as well as a solid background on Morrison 's early life . " Writing for The Irish Times , John Boland was critical of the book 's text but wrote positively of its images : " Steve Turner 's Van Morrison : Too Late to Stop Now , has a <unk> , <unk> style text and isn 't very <unk> about the great man , but it has some splendid pictures and in its coffee table format is well worth the asking price " . A review in the Herald Sun was critical : " Too Late To Stop Now is more suited to the coffee table than a library shelf . It is browsing material , <unk> with <unk> , album covers , PR shots , posters and prints . The words are mere <unk> , there to hold the pictures in place
 In 1682 , France expanded its territorial claims in North America to include land on the western side of the Mississippi River , which included the lower portion of the Missouri . However , the Missouri itself remained formally <unk> until Étienne de <unk> , Sieur de Bourgmont commanded an expedition in 1714 that reached at least as far as the mouth of the Platte River . It is unclear exactly how far Bourgmont traveled beyond there ; he described the blond @-@ haired <unk> in his journals , so it is likely he reached as far as their villages in present @-@ day North Dakota . Later that year , Bourgmont published The Route To Be Taken To <unk> The Missouri River , the first known document to use the name " Missouri River " ; many of the names he gave to tributaries , mostly for the native tribes that lived along them , are
 The two matches played against Middlesex were in stark contrast ; in the match played at the Recreation Ground , Bath , Somerset bowled the London side out for 65 , the joint second @-@ lowest total made against Somerset in a List A match , while the 341 / 7 which Middlesex made at Lord 's was the fourth @-@ highest total scored against Somerset in the format . Somerset themselves scored their second @-@ highest List A total , amassing 403 / 3 against Scotland , a game in which Hildreth scored 151 , his highest List A
 Before 1816 the majority of the fur trading posts in the Minnesota area were owned by the North West Company , but by 1821 the American Fur Company , founded in 1808 by John Jacob Astor in New York , had taken over most of
He mentioned Chicago
I get there and he doesn't go over any of the paperwork and when I ask him where the quote is for
So glad he noticed
 It was normal in fleet actions of the 18th century for the two lines of battle to pass one another <unk> , exchanging fire at long ranges and then wearing away , often without either side losing a ship or taking an enemy . In contrast , Howe was counting on the professionalism of his captains and crews combined with the advantage of the weather gage to attack the French directly , driving through their line . However , this time he did not plan to manoeuvre in the way
Our server was really good and knew the menu well - when we asked for his opinion and input he had an answer
3443	I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
We had the simplest order possible with single flavour cones, and the guy acted irritated about every
 On 9 June 1999 , Fowler played in his first competitive game for England in nearly three years , starting in the 1 – 1 draw with Bulgaria during Euro 2000 qualifying . Kevin Keegan named Fowler in the preliminary squad for Euro 2000 , and after featuring in the three warm @-@ up games against Brazil , Ukraine , and Malta , he was named in the final squad on 1 June 2000 . Fowler did not play in the tournament as England were eliminated in the group
-The pool area is big and spacious, it has the cabanas and a DJ, you can request songs for him to play and he'll play them right away, because it's just the right amount of people, not overly crowded, which means he can cater to all your favorite songs.
Then when he
The next thing Rex knew he
Don't you think a qualified technician in HVAC would have figured this out the first time he came.
11135	Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film
His comment was, "Yelp customers just comment on the
When I told him to just use regular oil, he actually told
 League football was established in the West Riding of Yorkshire in 1894 when the West Yorkshire League was formed . A year later the Bradford Schools Football and Athletic Association abandoned its rugby roots to adopt the association football code . Several clubs across Bradford , including Bradford ( Park Avenue ) , also adopted the code during the latter years of the 19th century . By 1901 , a team called Bradford City had played in the leagues within the city , playing for two seasons , but disbanded at the end of the 1902 – 03 season . On 30 January 1903 , Scotsman James <unk> , a sub @-@ editor of the Bradford Observer , met with Football Association representative John <unk> at Valley Parade , the home of Manningham Football Club , to discuss establishing a Football League club within the city . Manningham FC were a rugby league club formed in 1880 and became a founding member of
Wayne K. was my sales man and he was amazing.
He puts Mickey Mouse ears on the pancakes, by request only according
 Police said that their investigations found no evidence that a rape had taken place . Shaoguan government spokesman Wang <unk> , called it " a very ordinary incident " , which he said had been exaggerated to foment <unk> Guardian reported that video of the riots and photographs of the victims were quickly circulated on the internet by <unk> exile groups , along with claims that the death toll was under @-@ reported and the police were slow to act ; protests in Ürümqi were assembled by email . Xinhua reported that Guangdong authorities had arrested two people who are suspected of having spread rumours online which alleged sexual assault of Han women had taken place . In addition , it reported on 7 July 2009 that 13 suspects had been taken into custody following the incident , of which 3 were Uyghurs from Xinjiang . Xinhua quoted 23 @-@ year @-@ old Huang <unk> saying that he was angry at being turned down for a job in June at the toy factory , and thus posted an article at a forum on <unk> on 16 June which alleged six Xinjiang boys had raped two innocent girls at the <unk> Toy Factory ; Huang <unk> , 19 , was detained for writing on his online chat space on 28 June that eight Xinjiang people had died in the factory fight . Kang <unk> , vice director with the Shaoguan Public Security Bureau , said that the offenders would face up to 15 days in administrative detention
After the security members cuffed Dudley and led him away, Soriano retired
He did take care of the bill, but I think he had to be told to do that (I told him we're getting free desserts).
He listened to what I wanted do with my beard and he delivered!
On Wednesday, one of Ireland's grandmothers met Roy Keane on a flight to his
 Reviews for the novel have been generally positive . Gilbert Cruz of Entertainment Weekly gave the novel an " A " rating , commenting that the novel shared with great zombie stories the use of a central metaphor , describing it as " an <unk> readable oral history . " Steven H. Silver identified Brooks ' international focus as the novel 's greatest strength and commented favorably on Brooks ' ability to create an appreciation for the work needed to combat a global zombie outbreak . Silver 's only complaint was with " Good @-@ <unk> " — the final chapter — in which characters get a chance to give a final closing statement . Silver felt that it was not always apparent who the <unk> , undifferentiated characters were . The Eagle described the book as being " unlike any other zombie tale " as it is " sufficiently terrifying for most readers , and not always in a blood @-@ and @-@ <unk> way , either . " Keith <unk> of The A.V. Club stated that the format of the novel makes it difficult for it to develop momentum , but found the novel 's individual episodes gripping . Patrick Daily of the Chicago Reader said the novel <unk> the " <unk> " of The Zombie Survival Guide by " touching on deeper , more somber aspects of the human condition . " In his review for Time Out Chicago , Pete Coco declared
 In 1930 , with his impending marriage in mind , Olivier earned some extra money with small roles in two films . In April he travelled to Berlin to film the English @-@
204	Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but
A great wave of destiny was picking up his electoral landing craft and sweeping him up to the very head of the political beach.
Well after weeks of waiting for them to deliver at my new address no one showed up, I would even see the sparklettes guy come but would never drop off water so I called again and waited and again no water delivered, so I finally closed my account and the next time I saw the sparklettes guy I drive up I flagged him down told them I canceled my services and
So, my son and I ordered takeout of our standby fare that we use to initially compare Chinese
 Most importantly the operas themselves are now beginning to be revived and recorded , although despite the efforts of such champions as Dame Joan Sutherland , who took part in performances of , and recorded , Les Huguenots , they have yet to achieve anything like the huge popular following they attracted during their creator 's lifetime . Recordings are now available of all the operas from Il crociato onwards , for many of the earlier Italian operas , and for other pieces including his songs and the incidental music for Struensee . 
Ended up going to a gas station and a local pizza delivery guy gave us a ride.
 I am an <unk> and yet I can support <unk> ( dualism ) . The world is changing every moment , and is therefore <unk> , it has no permanent existence . But though it is constantly changing , it has a something about it which persists and it is therefore to that extent real . I have therefore no <unk> to calling it real and <unk> , and thus being called an <unk> or a <unk> . But my Syādvāda is not the Syādvāda of the learned , it is <unk> my own . I cannot engage in a debate with them . It has been my experience that I am always true from my point of view , and am often wrong from the point of view of my honest critics . I know that we are both right from our respective points of view . And this knowledge saves me from attributing motives to my opponents or critics . The seven blind men who gave seven different descriptions of the elephant were all right from their respective points of view , and wrong from the point of view of one another , and right and wrong from the point of view of the man who knew the elephant . I very much like this doctrine of the <unk> of reality . It is this doctrine that has taught me to judge a <unk> from his standpoint and a Christian from his . <unk> I used to resent the ignorance of my opponents . Today I can love them because I am gifted with the eye
I found some texts from a guy
 During the Georgian era Bath became fashionable . The architects John Wood , the Elder and his son John Wood , the Younger laid out
 After vanquishing eight powerful robots under allegiance to King ( Cold Man , Astro Man , Ground Man , Magic Man , Tengu Man , Dynamo Man , Pirate Man , and Burner Man ) , the duo infiltrates his castle and engages him in combat . Proto Man interrupts the fight and again attempts to defeat their new nemesis . <unk> all of his remaining energy into a blast
 The Portuguese forces were under the command of General António Augusto dos Santos , a man with strong faith in new counter @-@ insurgency theories . Augusto dos Santos supported a collaboration with Rhodesia to create African Scout units and other special forces teams , with Rhodesian forces even conducting their own independent operations during the conflict . Due to Portuguese policy of retaining up @-@ to @-@ date equipment for the <unk> while shipping obsolete equipment to the colonies , the Portuguese soldiers fighting in the opening stages of the conflict were equipped with World War II radios and the
 When Lithuania declared its independence from Russia in 1918 , the song was declared the national anthem . It held this status until Lithuania was annexed into the Soviet Union during World War II . During the interwar period , there had been suggestions to modify the words to include a reference to God . It was decided , in Kudirka 's memory , that the lyrics should remain as he had written them
 In 1988 , Jordan was honored with the NBA 's Defensive Player of the Year Award and became the first NBA player to win both the Defensive Player of the Year and MVP awards in a career ( since <unk> by <unk> Olajuwon , David Robinson , and Kevin <unk> ; Olajuwon is the only player other than Jordan to win both during the same season ) . In addition he set both seasonal and career records for blocked shots by a guard , and combined this with his ball @-@ <unk> ability to become a standout defensive player . He ranks third in NBA history in total steals with 2 @,@ <unk> , trailing John Stockton and Jason <unk> . Jerry West often stated that he was more impressed with Jordan 's defensive contributions than his offensive ones . He was also known to have strong eyesight ; broadcaster Al Michaels said that he was able to read baseball box scores on a 27 @-@ inch television clearly from about 50 feet
 Fearing that the <unk> could occur again , President Thomas Jefferson proposed to buy the port of New Orleans from France for $ 10 million . Instead , faced with a debt crisis , Napoleon offered to sell the entirety of Louisiana , including the Missouri River , for $ 15 million – amounting to less than 3 <unk> per acre . The deal was signed in 1803 , doubling the size of the United States with the acquisition of the Louisiana Territory . In 1803 , Jefferson instructed Meriwether Lewis to explore the Missouri and search for a water route to the Pacific Ocean . By then , it had been discovered that the Columbia River system , which drains into the Pacific , had a similar latitude as the headwaters of the Missouri River , and it was widely believed that a connection or short <unk> existed between the two . However , Spain <unk> at the takeover , citing that they had never formally returned Louisiana to the French . Spanish authorities warned Lewis not to take the journey and forbade him from seeing the MacKay and Evans map of the Missouri , although Lewis eventually managed to gain access to it . 
I have a toddler and gave him the rice, pad see ew, and gyoza and he liked all of
 Varanasi grew as an important industrial centre , famous for its muslin and silk <unk> , perfumes , ivory works , and sculpture . Buddha is believed to have founded Buddhism here around <unk> BC when he gave his first sermon , " The Setting in Motion of the Wheel of Dharma " , at nearby <unk> . The city 's religious importance continued to grow in the 8th century , when Adi <unk> established the worship of Shiva as an official sect of Varanasi . Despite the Muslim rule , Varanasi remained the centre of activity for Hindu intellectuals and theologians during the Middle Ages , which further contributed to its reputation as a cultural centre of religion and education . <unk> Tulsidas wrote his epic poem on Lord Rama 's life called Ram <unk> Manas in Varanasi . Several other major figures of the Bhakti movement were born in Varanasi , including Kabir and Ravidas . Guru Nanak Dev visited Varanasi for <unk> in <unk> , a trip that played a large role in the founding of <unk> . In the 16th century , Varanasi experienced a cultural revival under the Muslim Mughal emperor <unk> who invested in the city , and built two large temples dedicated to Shiva and Vishnu , though much of modern Varanasi was built during the 18th century , by the Maratha and <unk> kings . The kingdom of Benares was given official status by the <unk> in 1737 , and continued as a dynasty @-@ governed area until Indian independence in 1947 . The city is governed by the Varanasi Nagar Nigam ( Municipal Corporation ) and is represented in the Parliament of India by the current Prime Minister of India <unk> <unk> , who won the
 After growing up in North Carolina and fighting in World War II , Wilhelm spent several years in the minor leagues before starting his MLB career . He was best known for his knuckleball , which enabled him to have great longevity . He
Vince is not just typical driver fo xyz company, he legitimately cares that he is
He was nice enough to make a list
The man
He came in on his day off and took care of us on the
 Ennis briefly returned to the title in 1998 with " Son of Man " , filling the gaps between Paul Jenkins ' and Warren Ellis ' runs on the title . This more <unk> story is about the consequences of Constantine <unk> the dead son of an East London gangster , using the spirit of a demon . He also had two <unk> published during his run on the title , the Hellblazer Special and <unk> , which follows Kit Ryan 's return to Ireland . 
 In 1931 RKO Pictures offered Olivier a two @-@ film contract at $ 1 @,@ 000 a week ; he discussed the possibility with Coward , who , <unk> , told Olivier " You 've no artistic integrity , that 's your trouble ; this is how you <unk> yourself . " He accepted and moved to Hollywood , despite some <unk> . His first film was the drama Friends and Lovers , in a supporting role , before RKO loaned him to Fox Studios for his first film lead , a British journalist in a Russia under martial law in The Yellow <unk> , alongside <unk> <unk> and Lionel Barrymore . The
 Production for the film was officially launched on 2 March 2008 at <unk> in Hyderabad . B. V. S. N. Prasad co @-@ produced the film with Allu Aravind under his production banner ,
How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape, a rapist or a
 Direct appeal of his conviction was considered and denied by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania on March 6 , 1989 , subsequently denying <unk> . The Supreme Court of the United States denied his petition for writ of certiorari on
The director of Pearl Harbor (a big, loud, dumb, boring mega-movie - The Guardian), Transformers (as enjoyable as a package holiday in Helmand Province without a flak jacket - The Guardian) and, most recently, Pain & Gain (too long - The Guardian), had an embarrasing moment this week when his teleprompter malfunctioned during a presentation at
The same man showed up at our door and instead of having Just a side of guac, and a replacement burrito, he
Over 4th of July weekend, first night in Vegas for brothers bachelor party and 3 of us took him
We sat down and waited for 15 minutes for the waiter to come, which he never did, so we just got up and left, and not surprisingly
He massages myself, my boyfriend And my dad and
He came back at 6pm that same night with the part to fix our heat!
No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.
But a fellow interpreter and close friend of Wafa's said he is convinced that his friend's association
 The show centers on Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X @-@ Files . Mulder is a believer in the paranormal , while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to <unk> his work . In the episode , Mulder and Scully have 24 hours to save Assistant Director Skinner ( Mitch Pileggi ) from a biologically engineered disease . In order to combat the disease , Scully looks for a medical answer , while Mulder searches for the culprits behind the attack on Skinner 's life . To aid him in this task , Mulder reaches out to Senator Matheson , whom he hopes can help him find who
A waitress came up and we were promptly seated and presented with these ghastly menus, with cartoon depictions of, presumably, a Peking man
There can't be much worse than living in a society that's at war with itself, under a government at war with its own people and being required to support that government, he
 Federer then played in the Shanghai Masters . He beat Novak Djokovic in the semifinals , ending the Serb 's 28 @-@ match unbeaten run on Chinese soil . He battled Frenchman <unk> Simon in his second Shanghai final , defeating him in two tiebreak sets and collected the 23rd Masters 1000 title of his career . The victory saw Federer return to world No. 2 for the first time since May 2013 . Federer then played the Swiss Indoors in October , where he won a record sixth title and his 82nd ATP men 's singles title overall . Federer also reached the finals of the 2014 ATP World Tour Finals to face Djokovic again , but
I am definitely glad he steered me that way because it was
Whenever I drive by a Swenson's, I must stop for a galley boy if I'm
 Federer played well at the Australian Open , defeating Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga and Andy Murray to reach his 11th consecutive semifinal
Not much else to add, except sandwich guy was friendly and bread was good, but will stick to the meat sandwiches at this chain
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna
2285	It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his --
I am certain I will show him the respect he deserves as long as
"Boyfriend's political views have become extreme and hateful, but he is otherwise a great
He came early and I actually needed him to stay about an hour later and he was able
I got the club which was okay the bread was dry, but I can only give them two stars because when I got to the veggie section of the ordering process the sandwich wizard started just throwing things on it, luckily I noticed it was mine and I had to speak up and he grabbed the things off the sandwich which I didn't want.... always love when they just grab them
 On special teams , Marquis Maze totaled 125 yards on six punt returns and was named SEC Co @-@ Special Teams Player of the Week for his performance . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record
He was an absolutely lovely man
 In 2005 , Constantine was released , a feature film that did not use the same title as the comic book , in order to avoid confusion with the <unk> horror franchise . The only links to the character of John
 Devin <unk> Townsend ( born May 5 , 1972 ) is a Canadian musician , songwriter and record producer . He was
 Recording sessions for The Joshua Tree began in January 1986 in <unk> House in Dublin , Ireland , and continued throughout the year . U2 briefly interrupted these sessions in June to join Amnesty International 's A <unk> of Hope tour . Following the first concert in San Francisco , lead singer Bono met René Castro , a Chilean mural artist . Castro had been tortured and held in a concentration camp for two years by the dictatorial Chilean government because his artwork criticised the Pinochet @-@ led regime that seized power in 1973 during a coup d 'état . Castro showed Bono a wall painting in the Mission District that depicted the ongoing plight in Chile and Argentina . He
At one point, he went back to get him a bottle of water, did not ask if I would have liked one and sat it down right in front of me and frankly,
9638	-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to
 They fire 400 @-@ pound ( 181 kg ) projectiles using a 130 @-@ pound ( 59 kg ) gunpowder cartridge . Though they were insufficient against contemporary battleships , they were seen as adequate for the light cruisers that the fort was expected to face . The carriages weighed 13 long tons ( 13 t ) and moved on semi @-@ circular traverses . The guns were loaded either manually — using the <unk> ( <unk> ) system — or via the Armstrong mechanical <unk> . The Armstrong system enabled loading of the guns from behind the protection of the rampart whereas the manual system required at least two crew to be exposed on the rampart 's top . Despite this the guns were manually loaded for most of their operational life as the Armstrong cable drive was faulty and too difficult to maintain . The guns had a 14 @-@ man crew and loading took about 2 minutes , a rate of fire that was only slightly faster using the Armstrong equipment . 
And when my order proved too big for me to carry, he helped me out to my car.
 While covering the suicides , several media outlets focused on Applewhite 's sexuality ; the New York Post dubbed him " the Gay Guru " . Gay rights activist Troy Perry argued that Applewhite 's repression , and society 's rejection , of same @-@ sex relationships ultimately led to his suicide . This idea has failed to gain support among academics . Zeller argues that Applewhite 's sexuality was not the primary driving force behind his asceticism , which he believes resulted from a variety of factors , though he grants sexuality a role . 
2162	A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
 The video was directed by Andy <unk> and Eric Watson , and consists of shots of the duo around London . At the beginning of the video , noises from the city can be heard , a camera passes Lowe on the street , and focus on two vintage dolls in a shop window . Then appears a sequence of quick cuts with shots of the city 's different sub @-@ cultures , the video freezes and cuts to Tennant and Lowe , who walk through an empty Wentworth Street in <unk> Lane Market . They stand in front of a red garage door , Tennant is in front dressed with a long coat , white shirt and dark <unk> , directly addressing the camera , with Lowe standing behind him with a
 The Portuguese would subsequently attempt to occupy the city , but never managed to take it . In his journal of an expedition to the region in <unk> @-@ <unk> , the explorer João de <unk> , who accompanied Vasco da Gama on the voyage , wrote that <unk> ( Mogadishu ) was controlled by Moors . A big town surrounded by four towers , it had houses several <unk> high and large palaces in its center . De <unk> and his men bombarded the city before continuing southwards along the seaboard . The <unk> Somali , however , were later successful in defeating
 In June , Federer announced that after the end of his third term , he would resign as President of the ATP Players Council , a position he had held since 2008 . At the Halle Open , Federer reached both the singles and the doubles finals and won his
Yeah well next thing you know, hell be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
"Buck Sexton: If police can execute an innocent man on video, none of us
Spurs head coach Sherwood has compared Adebayor's impact to that of United's Wayne Rooney and claims Arsenal will have been hoping he would
Karl asked Rubio whether he thought he
The male that i talked to didnt even look up my name, instead bluntly yelled out "yea" many of times then
and he asked us to get
 However he struggled with poor form during the 1950 – 51 season as his first marriage was coming to an end and he came into increasing conflict with his teammates . He was angered when the club sold Jackie Sewell to Sheffield Wednesday in March 1951 – breaking Lawton 's own transfer record in the process – as he felt the move showed a lack of ambition from the club 's
 Early on April 30 a special train from Fort <unk> arrived with police officers and doctors . Premier Frederick <unk> arrived at the disaster site on May 1 , where he met with engineers who had investigated the top of Turtle Mountain . Though new fissures had formed at the peak , they felt there was limited further risk to the town ; the CPR 's chief engineer was convinced that Frank was in imminent danger from another slide . <unk> with the latter , <unk> ordered the town evacuated , and the Geological Survey of Canada ( GSC ) sent two of its top geologists to investigate further . They reported that the slide had created two new peaks on the mountain and that the north peak , overlooking the town , was not in imminent danger of collapse . As a result , the evacuation order was lifted on May 10 and Frank 's citizens returned
), and he was incredibly impatient with us and just about started to serve someone else instead of
My friend [20/m] has a secret crush on me[19/f] and now that I'm single and I like him back he is acting weird.
Treated me like a pos because he lost my
Silvio Berlusconi began a fresh legal battle on Tuesday as he went on trial in Naples on charges of giving a €3 million
 The 2009 season was perhaps the most historically relevant of Federer 's career as he completed a career Grand Slam by winning his first
Responding to the speech, the Scottish finance secretary John Swinney said: Mr Carney provides a serious and sensible analysis of how a currency union can work in practice, and every one of the points he cites in terms of the technical requirements have been examined in detail by the Fiscal Commission, headed by
I am a huge Bobby Flay fan and was so happy to finally try his
He said it was tasty, but we could have easily gotten comparable food, but much more of it for the same price from mucho burrito!
 In the next contest , Ric Flair and Razor Ramon wrestled against Mr. Perfect and Randy Savage . Ramon and Perfect began the match , but Flair entered after Perfect insulted him . Perfect threw Flair into the corner , and Flair 's momentum carried him over the top rope to the ring apron . Savage attacked Flair and then took Perfect 's place in the ring to maintain the advantage over Flair . From outside the ring , Ramon hit Savage with his knee and Flair and Ramon took turns attacking Savage 's knee . While Ramon performed a half Boston crab on Savage , Perfect considered leaving the match and abandoning Savage . Savage recovered briefly by trying to pin Flair , but Ramon performed a <unk> on Savage . Ric Flair attempted to attack Savage from the top rope , but Savage threw him to the ring floor instead . Perfect executed a neckbreaker and an atomic drop on Ramon . Outside of the ring , Flair attacked Savage with a chair . The referee was knocked unconscious , and Perfect tried to pin Ramon by performing a <unk> . Because no referee was available to count the pinfall , a substitute referee came to the ring . The first referee recovered as Perfect attempted to pin Flair with a <unk> . Flair escaped the pin attempt , and he and Ramon attacked Perfect until the <unk> were unable to keep the match under control . As a result ,
 The introduction of the <unk> de pays , a classification produced under less stringent regulations than those of an AOC , opened up the Languedoc wine industry to the labeling of <unk> wines and the blending of international varieties such as <unk> Sauvignon , <unk> , Syrah and Chardonnay . Examples include Vin de pays d 'Oc , Vin de pays d <unk> , Vin de pays de l <unk> , and Vin de Pays du <unk> . <unk> such as Guy Anderson
Wenn man öfters hier ist, bietet sich auch an,
 Not long after the Goode case came the sensational trial of Professor John White Webster in the murder of George <unk> , a crime that took place at the Harvard Medical School in November 1849 . The trial received nationwide coverage , and the prosecution case was based on evidence that was either circumstantial ( complicated by the fact that a complete corpse was not found ) , or founded on new types of evidence ( forensic dentistry was used for the first time in this trial ) . Furthermore , Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Chief Justice <unk> Shaw was widely criticized for bias in the instructions he gave to the jury . Briggs was petitioned to commute Webster 's sentence by death penalty opponents , and even threatened with physical harm if he did not . He refused however , stating that the evidence in the case was clear ( especially after Webster gave a confession ) , and that there was no reason to doubt that the court had acted with due and proper <unk>
I don't know if he was intentionally BSing or just
I would ring our video guy
We ordered room-service once, and they let us order things off the restaurant menu that weren't on the roomservice menu, and the delivery guy was so lovely, setting us a
 The producers considered Danny <unk> for the role of bandit chief Gabbar Singh , but he could not accept it as he was committed to act in <unk> Khan 's <unk> ( 1975 ) , under production at the same time . Amjad Khan , who was the second choice , prepared himself for the part by reading the book <unk> <unk> , which told of the exploits of <unk> dacoits . The book was written by <unk> Kumar Bhaduri , the father of fellow cast member Jaya Bhaduri . As cast members had read the script ahead of time , many were
Plus he had on
 In his review for the Savannah Film Festival , Carlos Serrano of District wrote that though the subject matter covered a lot of ground , it utilized an efficient presentation : " Sounds like a lot to put in to one movie , but the film manages to make good use of its 85 minute running time . " Serrano commented on the presentation of Jimmy Wales during the film , " In the end , I came out of the theater thinking of him as a three @-@ dimensional figure , very much a man with passion but neither completely good or evil . To be honest , this is very important in
 In January 2006 the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair created considerable controversy when he described the media as <unk> racist . This accusation had also been levelled at the police for the allegedly <unk> coverage of black @-@ on @-@ white crimes , such as this murder , as compared to that given to crimes against ethnic minorities . The example Blair cited was that of <unk> Mathura , an Asian man murdered on the same day as Pryce . Mathura was run over and dragged almost 44 yards ( 40 m ) by a car driven by thieves he had disturbed as they broke into a van parked outside his workplace . Newspapers argued that the number of stories printed regarding the two victims were similar , though a survey of national newspapers
 On 26 April 2008 , Stansfield scored in Exeter 's 4 – 4 draw at Burton Albion which qualified them for that season 's play @-@ offs . He started in the final , whereby the team returned to The Football
Even before his election as an MP he was ridiculed for taking his nanny --
 Coleman received $ 25 @,@ 000 for the publishing rights to Of Human Feelings but said his managers sold it for less than the recording costs and that he did not receive any of its royalties . According to Stan Bernstein , Coleman had financial expectations that were " unrealistic in this business unless you 're Michael Jackson " . Antilles label executive Ron Goldstein felt the $ 25 @,@ 000 Coleman received was neither a great nor a fair amount for someone in jazz . After he had gone over budget to record a follow @-@ up album , Island did not release it nor pick up their option on him , and in 1983 , he left the Bernstein Agency . He chose Denardo Coleman to manage his career while overcoming his <unk> of public performance , which had been rooted in his distrust of doing business with a predominantly White music industry . According to Nicholson , " the man once accused of standing on the throat of jazz was welcomed back to the touring circuits with both curiosity and affection " during the 1980s . Coleman did not record another
B U B B L E B O Y E enjoys himself
It leaked all night from the jumper he installed and then they sent out their water restoration and damage specialist the
 The Turing test was proposed by British mathematician Alan Turing in his 1950 paper Computing Machinery and Intelligence , which opens with the words : " I propose to consider the question , ' Can machines think ? ' " The term ' Artificial Intelligence ' was created at a conference held at Dartmouth College in 1956 . Allen Newell , J. C. Shaw , and Herbert A. Simon pioneered the newly created artificial intelligence field with the Logic Theory Machine ( 1956 ) , and the General <unk> <unk> in 1957 . In 1958 , John McCarthy and Marvin Minsky started the MIT Artificial Intelligence
Thought I can use their thingy right here on yelp but the guy working there told
Steven Moffat, the man in charge of both shows, discusses British TV's global
7607	Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers
The leader of the pro-government Red Shirt movement, Jatuporn Prompan, said his group could accept the imposition of martial law, but said they
He called me back in 15 minutes and had one of his techs (Joe) out here in another 20 minutes.
He had to hope one training session was enough for Eto'o to provide what Chelsea had so badly missed last
 On the Turkish side , by that night the 2nd Battalion 57th Infantry were on Baby 700 , the 3rd Battalion , reduced to only ninety men , were at The Nek , and the 1st Battalion on <unk> Ridge . Just south of them was the 77th Infantry , next was the 27th Infantry opposite 400 Plateau . The last regiment , the 72nd Infantry , were on Battleship Hill . As for manpower , the Turks were in a similar situation to the ANZACs . Of the two regiments most heavily involved , the 57th had been destroyed , and the 27th were exhausted with heavy casualties . Large numbers of the 77th had deserted , and the regiment was in no condition to fight . The 72nd was largely intact , but they were a poorly trained force of Arab conscripts . The III Corps , having to deal with both landings , could not assist as they had no reserves available . It was not until 27 April that the 33rd and 64th Infantry Regiments arrived to reinforce the Turkish forces . The ANZACs , however , had been unable to achieve their <unk> , and therefore dug in . Gallipoli , like the Western Front , turned into a war of <unk> . The German commander , <unk> von Saunders , was clear about the reasons for the outcome . He wrote that , " on the Turkish side the situation was saved by the immediate and independent action of the 19th Division . " The division commander , Kemal , became noted as " the most imaginative , most successful officer to fight on either side " during the campaign . As a commander he was able to get the most out of his troops , <unk> by
 Goffman describes the theatrical performances that occur in face @-@ to @-@ face interactions . He holds that when an individual comes in contact with another person , he attempts to control or guide the impression that the other person will form of him , by altering his own setting , appearance and manner . At the same time , the person that the individual is interacting with attempts to form an impression of , and obtain information about , the individual . Goffman also believes that participants in social interactions engage in certain practices to
Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
They told my partner that he had stolen and contaminated the rest of the bin but they did not remove the rest
 In 1909 , Haifa became important to the Bahá 'í Faith when the remains of the <unk> , founder of the <unk> Faith and forerunner of Bahá 'u'lláh in the Bahá 'í Faith , were moved from Acre to Haifa and interred in the shrine built on Mount Carmel . Bahá <unk> consider the shrine to be their second <unk> place on Earth after the Shrine of Bahá 'u'lláh in Acre . Its precise location on Mount Carmel was shown by Bahá 'u'lláh himself to his eldest son , `Abdu 'l @-@ Bahá , in 1891 . `Abdu 'l @-@ Bahá planned the structure , which was designed and completed several years later
Downstairs neighbor is on probation. His PO wants to enter my apartment. [NY]
 Joseph Rolette ( also known as " Jolly Joe " ) was a fur trader and territorial <unk> of partially Métis ( mixed French / Native American ) ancestry who became an iconic figure known in Minnesota history for his <unk> . His most famous <unk> was one in which ,
 In a report about the policing of the 2009 G @-@ 20 London summit protests , Denis O 'Connor , the chief <unk> of <unk> , stated that the routine use of FITs at protests " raises fundamental privacy issues and should be reviewed " . He
 On 9 September 2014 , it was revealed Fowler had applied for the vacant head coach / manager job at his former club Leeds United .
 Despite the successes of his career , McNichol had regrets . He described Chelsea 's decision not to accept their invitation to participate in the inaugural season of the European Cup as his " one big disappointment " , and " thought it was strange at the time " , despite the national team <unk> ' preference for players <unk> their trade for Scottish clubs , that he was never chosen to represent his country . 
 It is <unk> that Ímar received some form of support from Knútr 's son and successor in Britain , Haraldr <unk> , King of England ( died <unk> ) . The latter was certainly in power when Ímar replaced Echmarcach , and an association between Ímar and Haraldr could explain why the Annals of Ulster reports the latter 's death two years later . Ímar 's reign lasted about eight years , and one of his first royal acts appears to
 Jordan played on two Olympic gold medal @-@ winning American basketball teams . As a college player he participated , and won the gold , in the 1984 Summer Olympics . The team was coached by Bob Knight and featured players such as Patrick Ewing , Sam Perkins , Chris <unk> , Steve <unk> , and <unk> <unk> . Jordan led the team in scoring , averaging 17
When I was greeted by my tech I could already tell he was very
He said he was
11558	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and
My son has only been going here 2 weeks, however he has been in daycare since he was 5
Doctor? Wow! I didnt know he had
 <unk> Miyamoto 's direction , the development team used elements new and inconsistent with the series as Super Mario Land shrunk elements of the series to fit the portable device 's small screen . Yokoi , the head of R & D1 , served as producer , and <unk> <unk> served as director . They had previously developed <unk> ( 1986 ) and Kid Icarus ( 1986 ) together , and the two subsequently designed the Game Boy — Yokoi on its industrial design , and <unk> on its engineering . Their Super Mario Land was planned as the portable console 's showcase title until <unk> Rogers brought Tetris to Nintendo of America and convinced <unk> <unk> that the addictive computer game would help Nintendo reach
I [18/M] am worried that my girlfriend [20/F] is becoming attached to a guy she's spending copious amounts
 Transit observations in 1874 and 1882 allowed this value to be refined further . Three expeditions — from Germany , the United Kingdom and the United States — were sent to the Kerguelen Archipelago for the 1874 observations . The American astronomer Simon <unk> combined the data from the last four transits , and he arrived at a value of about 149 @.@ 59 million kilometers ( ± 0 @.@ 31 million kilometers ) . Modern techniques , such as the use of radio <unk> from space probes , and of radar measurements of the distances to planets
He had never heard back
You can't point [at] one guy in position, say he didn't do his
Girlfriend [19/F] lied about identity of a male friend and I [M/20] am worried about their
BTW, I am just a guy that lived on BigHawaii for 16 years and looking to enjoy some of the comforts
So, we hired an electrician (one who is extremely reputable) to come out and assess the situation because if it was our end, we knew we needed to not only get it fixed immediately for safety reasons, but I may have owed the guy an apology for insinuating this
There he
 In the weeks leading up to coup , Saprang openly mobilised soldiers and northern residents to rebel against the government . Saprang played a key role on the evening of 19 September 2006 , securing Thaksin 's home town and power base of <unk> Mai . That same night , he was appointed assistant Secretary @-@ General of the CNS . The
It's great to be back in Wales, to be back in camp and see all the boys, he
He's very knowledgeable and super professional and always on time and he works with
My 16f school ignored my anonymous tip about my gym teacher sexually harassing students and now I'm in his class again
Report: Trump furious that Sessions recused himself
A bonus: the Chef and the owner greeted everyone, and the owner brought his family for brunch too.
He was able to fix like new and
 In 263 , after his return , Odaenathus assumed the title King of Kings of the East ( Mlk Mlk ) , and headed to Antioch , the traditional capital of Syria , where he crowned his son Hairan I as co @-@ King of Kings . The title was a symbol of legitimacy in the East , starting with the Assyrians then the <unk> who used it to symbolize their supremacy over all other rulers and was adopted by
 In their joint interview on Democracy Now , however , Finkelstein cited specific passages in Dershowitz 's book in which a phrase that he says Peters coined
 After the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire , the conquistadors decided to build their church on the site of the <unk> Mayor of the Aztec city of <unk> to consolidate Spanish power over the newly conquered domain . Hernán Cortés and the other conquistadors used the stones from the destroyed temple of the Aztec god of war <unk> , principal deity of the <unk> , to build the church . Cortés ordered the original church 's construction after he returned from exploring what is now Honduras . <unk> Martín de <unk> was the first director of this project from <unk> to 1532 . Juan de Zumárraga , the first Bishop of the first See of the New World , established in the <unk> of New Spain , promoted this church 's completion . Zumárraga 's Cathedral was located in the northeast portion of what is now the cathedral . It had three naves separated by three <unk> columns . The central roof was <unk> with intricate
Miss T was so nice and welcoming and the gentleman i didn't get his name but he was nice as well.
Long story short, Diego from the shop and his coworker told me that
 Ímar may have been the father , uncle , or possibly even the brother of Gofraid <unk> , King of Dublin and the Isles ( died 1095 ) . In <unk> , the Annals of Tigernach reveals that Gofraid possessed the kingship of Dublin in an annal @-@ entry recording his patronym as " ... mac <unk> Arailt " . The Chronicle of Mann , on the <unk> , gives Gofraid 's patronym as " ... <unk> <unk> <unk> de Ysland " . Whilst the former source identifies Gofraid as the son of a man named Aralt ( Old Norse Haraldr ) , the latter identifies Gofraid as the paternal grandson of a
11206	-LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience
He is a
While I told u I was disappointed 2 hear he left & happy w/ reslts I achieved from him, I had 2 cut the convo short w/u b/c I was @
 When they reached the open sea the smaller calibre guns were out of range and stopped firing but the heavier artillery continued to engage them . The boats were about 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) off @-@ shore when the last German salvo <unk> them and killed Savage , who was still at his gun . He was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross for his exploits . His citation recognised both Savage and the bravery of " the many unnamed crews of the Motor Gun Boat , Motor Torpedo Boat and Motor <unk> who continued to carry out their duties in exposed positions , in the face of close
He played like a man possessed, scoring 10 goals in 15 starts: finally, he had arrived.
 Serving with the Eighth Army , Wheeler was present in North Africa when the Axis armies pushed the Allies back to El <unk> . He was also part of the Allied counter @-@ push , taking part in the Second Battle of El <unk> and the advance on Axis @-@ held Tripoli . On the way he became concerned that the archaeological sites of North Africa were being threatened both by the fighting and the occupying forces . After the British secured control of Libya , Wheeler visited Tripoli and <unk> Magna , where he found that Roman remains had been damaged and vandalised by British troops ; he brought about reforms to prevent this , lecturing to the troops on the importance of preserving archaeology , making many monuments out @-@ of @-@ bounds , and ensuring that the Royal Air Force changed its plans
When the waiter took the leftovers away and asked about it, we expressed to him our poor opinion about it and he walked off without responding.
 Alongside Barre , the Supreme Revolutionary Council ( SRC ) that assumed power after President <unk> 's assassination was led by Lieutenant Colonel Salaad <unk> <unk> and Chief of Police <unk> <unk> . <unk> officially held the title of " Father of the Revolution , " and Barre shortly afterwards became the head of the SRC . The
 In his 1997 book of essays entitled The Geography of the <unk> , American writer Guy Davenport suggests a different inspiration for Kilmer 's poem .
8995	The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
 Towards the end of 1940 Popular doubled Pohl 's salary to twenty dollars per week . In June 1941 Pohl visited Steeger to ask for a further raise , intending to resign and work as a free @-@ lance writer if he was unsuccessful . Steeger was <unk> ,
I was kicked out of the pool here by a security guard named Richard L. because he said I was
The last time I went, they added tip to my single drink order and failed to mention that they had done so after I left them cash tip at the bar - same guy who ran my card/put in the order took
 Our cousin , Henry Pitman , the first of Hawaii 's sons to fall in the war , died at Annapolis Parole Camp , <unk> 27 , of lung fever , serving as a soldier in the Union army . His remains were deposited in Mt . Auburn Cemetery , near Boston , Mass . He died in a just cause . Let his memory be embalmed among our band . 
(yes, he said it
 Fowler signed with the North Queensland Fury on 4 February 2009 and became their inaugural <unk> player ; with his family relocating to Townsville for the 2009
 Jordan 's individual accolades and accomplishments include five Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) Awards , ten All @-@ NBA First Team designations , nine All @-@ Defensive First Team honors , fourteen NBA All @-@ Star Game appearances , three All @-@ Star Game MVP Awards , ten scoring titles , three steals titles , six NBA Finals MVP Awards , and the 1988 NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award . Among his numerous accomplishments , Jordan holds the NBA records for highest career regular season scoring average ( 30 @.@ 12 points per game ) and highest career playoff scoring average ( 33 @.@ 45 points per game ) . In 1999 , he was named the greatest North American athlete of the 20th century by ESPN , and was second to Babe Ruth on the Associated Press 's list of athletes of the century . Jordan is a two @-@ time <unk> into the Basketball Hall of Fame , having been enshrined in 2009 for his individual career , and again in 2010 as part of the group induction of the 1992 United States men 's Olympic basketball team ( " The Dream Team " ) . He became a member of the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2015 .
He then spend about 30 minutes doing essentially what was a "live infomercial" for his new ventriloquism starter kit witch includes a "little Jeff dummy" that is sold in the gift shop.
Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his
 The kakapo is the only species of flightless parrot in the world , and the only flightless bird that has a lek breeding system . Males loosely gather in an arena and compete with each other to attract females . Females listen to the males as they display , or " lek " . They choose a mate based on the quality of his display ; they are not pursued by the males in
A darkness has fallen on us all as we try and make sense of why Pete had to die in the prime of his
He was intercepted by the busboy, who brought butter.
 In the 1946 colour version , Hergé added a cameo appearance from Thomson and Thompson , the two detectives that he had introduced in the fourth Tintin story , Cigars of the Pharaoh ( 1932 – 34 ) , which was <unk> set after the Congolese adventure . Adding them to the first page , Hergé featured them in the backdrop , watching a crowd surrounding Tintin as he boards a train and commenting that it " Seems to be a young reporter going to Africa ... " In the same frame , Hergé inserted depictions of himself and his friend Edgar P. <unk> ( the book 's colourist
One month ago my Girlfriend (26F) drove 3 hours to a large city in a different state and did a nude photo shoot with a short video promo for the male photographer. I (27M)
11449	This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
You know you are at home when the owners is making conversation  and checking on his customers.
 At 15 : 30 the two battalions of the Turkish 77th Infantry Regiment were in position , and with the 27th Infantry they counter @-@ attacked again . At 15 : 30 and at 16 : 45 McCay , now under severe pressure , requested reinforcements . The second time he was informed there was only one <unk> battalion left , the 4th , and Bridges was keeping them in reserve until more troops from the New Zealand and Australian Division had been landed . McCay then spoke to Bridges direct and informed him the situation was desperate and if not reinforced the Turks would get behind him .
A man who attacked a shopkeeper with
1784	A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly
He just kept saying he wanted us to stay and eat
I said I want to use the Groupon and he
8211	Wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than
 Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney is the first entry in the series . It was originally released for the Game Boy Advance in 2001 in Japan ; it has also been released for
 In the 1850s , Fort Snelling played a key role in the infamous <unk> Scott court case . <unk> <unk> Scott and his wife were taken to the fort by their master , John Emerson . They lived at the fort and elsewhere in territories where slavery was prohibited . After Emerson 's death , the Scotts argued that since they had
"[violent BF] My BF beats me, rapes me, but he is the only one I've
Dr. Sherrel really cared, he listened to what the issues were, gave our precious pup a thorough exam and gave us his professional opinion and
Ronan Kennedy reduced the arrears with a free two minutes into the resumption followed by a John
 The following year Ross moved back to Montreal . He joined the Wanderers , the team he had helped to defeat , who played in the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association ( ECAHA ) , the successor league to the <unk> as the premier league in the country . He scored eight goals in ten games over the two @-@ month season that lasted from January to March . He helped the team to finish first in the ECAHA and retain the Cup in 1908 with challenges from Ottawa , Winnipeg and Toronto . The Wanderers were Cup champions throughout these challenges , so Ross became the second player to win the Cup with different teams in consecutive years , after Jack Marshall in 1901 and 1902 . In January 1908 , he participated in the first all @-@ star game in sports history , a benefit for the family of former
I liked the strident vocal tone of the singers, the vigorous dancing, he is quoted in How Can
He took his time, and cut my
Second, Ross McEwan, boss of Royal Bank of Scotland, could quite legitimately assert that he was waiving his annual bonus for
He gave us our check before we were
7217	One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by
 In 1929 , Hergé began The Adventures of Tintin comic strip for Le Petit Vingtième , a series about the exploits of a fictional Belgian reporter named Tintin . Following the success of Tintin in the Land of the Soviets , serialised weekly in Le Petit Vingtième from January 1929 to May 1930 , Hergé wanted to send Tintin to the United States . Wallez insisted he write a story set in the Belgian Congo , then a Belgian colony and today the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Belgian children learned about the Congo in school , and Wallez hoped to encourage <unk> and missionary zeal in his readership . He believed that the Belgian colonial administration needed promotion at a time when memories "
My boyfriend booked this for me for my birthday - the sweetest guy !!
It is refreshing to leave the convention halls and mega hotels and see a chef really working at his
 Shortly before Bloody Sunday was broadcast , Nesbitt described it as " difficult but extraordinary " and " emotionally draining " . The broadcast on ITV in January 2002 and its promotion did not pass without incident ; he was criticised
 Toniná had a particularly active Early Classic presence , although the Early Classic remains lie entirely buried under later construction . Due to this , early texts are scarce and only offer a glimpse of the early history of the site . An 8th @-@ century text refers to a king ruling in AD 217 , although it only mentions his title , not his name . 
 Calvert dispatched Captain Edward Wynne and a group of Welsh colonists to Ferryland , where they landed in August 1621 , and set about constructing a settlement . Wynne sent positive reports concerning the potential for local fisheries and for the production of salt , hemp , flax , tar , iron , timber and <unk> . Wynne also praised the climate , declaring , " It is better and not so cold as England " and predicted that the colony would become self @-@ sufficient after one year . Others corroborated Wynne 's reports : for example , Captain Daniel Powell , who delivered a further party of settlers to Ferryland , wrote : " The land on which our Governor Calvert and / or Wynne planted is so good and <unk> , that for the quantity , I think there is no better in many parts of England " ; but he added <unk> that Ferryland was " the coldest harbour in the land " . Wynne and his men began work on various building projects , including a substantial house and the shoring up of the harbour . To protect them against <unk> French warships , a recent hazard in the area , since the recent founding of New France in the interior ( modern Lower Canada of the 18th and 19th <unk> , Province of Quebec and Dominion of Canada ) along the St. Lawrence River , Calvert employed the pirate John <unk>
He also makes sure I understand everything he's
Moffat says he
and how he did his best to fix
He gives friendly good service quickly and gets good
 Because Baltimore 's electorate is overwhelmingly Democratic , whoever won the Democratic primary election was seen as the favorite over the Republican nominee in the general election . Baltimore 's large African American population initially made it seem likely that the next mayor would also be African American . <unk> Mfume was the preferred candidate of local politicians , but he opted not to run . Though Carl Stokes and Lawrence Bell , members of the City Council , declared for the race , local leaders were <unk> with the quality of declared
), and he
 Jordan then further surprised the sports world by signing a minor league baseball contract with the Chicago White Sox on February 7 , 1994 . He reported to spring training in Sarasota , Florida , and was assigned to the team 's minor league system on March 31 , 1994 . Jordan has stated this decision was made to pursue the dream of his late father , who had always envisioned his son as a Major League Baseball player . The White Sox were another team owned by Bulls owner Jerry <unk> , who continued to honor Jordan 's basketball contract during the years he
My husband and I are still talking about how Mr. Vigil did some of his
"[TX] A friend of mine (25M) suffered from a diabetic seizure at work. One of his (mid 30s
 The poet 's intention to recall the Homeric character remains evident in certain passages . " I am become a name " ( 11 ) recalls an episode in the Odyssey in which <unk> sings about Odysseus ' adventures in the king 's presence , acknowledging his fame . With phrases such as " There <unk> the dark broad seas " ( 45 )
 In the early 1990s , he lived with fellow actor Jerome Flynn and earned money by signing fan mail for the successful star of Soldier Soldier . In his debut feature film , Hear My Song ( Peter <unk> , 1991 ) , Nesbitt played <unk> O 'Donnell , a struggling theatrical agent and friend of Mickey O 'Neill ( Adrian Dunbar ) . A New York Times critic wrote , " the <unk> , <unk> Mr. Nesbitt , manages to combine <unk> with <unk> humor " . The praise he received made him self @-@ assured and complacent ; in 2001 , he recalled , " When I did Hear My Song , I disappeared so far up my own <unk> afterwards . I thought , ' Oh , that 's it , I 've cracked it . ' And I 'm glad that happened , because you then find out how expendable actors are . " His attitude left him out of work for six months after the film was released . Until 1994 , he mixed his stage roles with supporting roles on television in episodes of Boon , The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles , Covington Cross , <unk> , and Between the Lines . In 1993 , he appeared in Love Lies Bleeding , an instalment of the BBC anthology series Screenplay and his first appearance in a production directed by Michael Winterbottom ; he later appeared in Go Now ( 1995 ) , Jude ( 1996 ) and Welcome to Sarajevo ( 1997 ) . A Guardian journalist wrote that " he showed himself to be a
574	In his debut as a film director , Denzel
 " Mothers of the Disappeared " was favourably received by critics . Steve <unk> of The Boston Globe called the song " powerful " and described the backing vocals as tender and <unk> . Don <unk> of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times described it as a " hymn to human rights " . Adrian <unk> of NME called it " a simple , plaintive lament of stunning beauty and sadness " . Nicholas Jennings of Maclean 's felt that it was The Joshua Tree 's " most topical song " . Music journalist Andrew Mueller felt the track was a " <unk> <unk> finale " . In Rolling Stone , Steve Pond said " ' Mothers of the Disappeared ' is built around desolate images of loss , but the setting is <unk> and restorative — music of great sadness but also of <unk> compassion , acceptance and calm . " Lennox <unk> of The Dallas Morning News stated that there was " an <unk> sadness in Bono 's vocals and images where ' Night hangs like a prisoner / <unk> over black and blue ' " , calling it " a moving tribute " to people around the world who had lost loved ones to warfare and conflict . He added " [ w ] hat 's remarkable about the song is that despite the
 Yingzao Fashi included building codes and regulations , accounting information , descriptions of construction materials , and classification of crafts . In its 34 chapters , the book outlined units of measurement , and the construction of <unk> , fortifications , stonework , and woodwork . For the latter , it included specifications for making <unk> units with inclined arms and joints for columns and beams . It also provided specifications for wood carving , drilling , <unk> , bamboo work , <unk> , wall building , and decoration . The book contained recipes for decorative paints , <unk> , and coatings , also listing proportions for mixing mortars used in masonry , . brickwork , and manufacture of glazed tiles , illustrating practices and standards with drawings . His book outlined structural carpentry in great detail , providing standard dimensional measurements for all components used ; . here he developed a standard eight @-@ grade system for <unk> timber elements , known as the <unk> @-@ <unk> system of units , which could be universally applied in buildings . About 8 % of Li Jie 's book was derived from pre @-@ existing written material on architecture , while the majority of the book documented the inherited traditions of craftsmen and architects . The Yingzao Fashi provided a full <unk> of technical terms that included mathematical formulae , building proportions , and construction techniques , and discussed the implications of the local topography for construction at a particular site . He also estimated the monetary costs of hiring laborers of different skill levels from various crafts on the basis of a day 's work , in addition to the price of the materials they would need and according to the season in which they were
 The US military acknowledged the non @-@ governmental organizations ' complaints concerning flight @-@ operations bias and promised improvement while noting that up to 17 January 600 emergency flights had landed and 50 were diverted ; by the first weekend of disaster operations <unk> had been reduced to three on Saturday and two on Sunday . The airport was able to support 100 landings a day , up from the 35 a day that the airport gets during normal operation . A spokesman for the joint task force
He then after giving me the address, proceeded to tell me he could not understand me and did not have time for me.
I usually stay at a casino based hotel but I decided to try Trump because I have stayed at his properties in NYC and
And in the meantime you better let him drive. Does he have a license?
He then stomped around my car opening and closing doors and gas
Nice waitor forgot his
6021	Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of
2718	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
 Chen was born in Shanghai on October 8 , 1981 , and lived there until 2003 . His parents were " a middle @-@ class family " , and his father worked in the software development industry , having previously worked on " one of the earliest giant computers in China " . Although Chen was interested in art and drawing as a young child , his father influenced him towards computers , entering him in programming contests from when he was 10 years old . He found himself interested in video games that he saw there , but was not as enthusiastic about programming .
 In the latter half of the eighteenth century , changing attitudes to such public displays prompted Sir Benjamin Hammett MP to denounce the practice in Parliament . His bill , by no means the first such attempt to end the public burning of women , led to the Treason Act 1790 , which
 <unk> these blurred distinctions between gods and other beings , scholars have proposed various definitions of a " deity " . One widely accepted definition , suggested by Jan Assmann , says that a deity has a cult , is involved in some aspect of the universe , and is described in mythology or other forms of written tradition . According to a different definition , by Dimitri <unk> , nṯr applied to any being that was the focus of ritual . From this perspective , " gods " included the king , who was called a god after his coronation rites , and deceased souls , who entered the divine realm through funeral ceremonies . Likewise , the <unk> of the great gods was maintained by the ritual devotion that was performed
 Prior to the 1980s , the earliest known inscription <unk> king Odaenathus was dated to 257 , leading traditional scholarship to believe that Hairan Ras of Palmyra is the father of the king and that Odaenathus I was his grandfather . However , an inscription published in 1985 by archaeologist Michael <unk> and dated to 252 mentions king Odaenathus as a " Ras " and records the same genealogy found in the sepulchral inscription confirming the name of king Odaenathus ' grandfather as <unk> <unk> . <unk> , it is certain that king Odaenathus is the builder of the tomb ruling out the existence of " Odaenathus I " . Ras Hairan mentioned in the 251 inscription is identical with Odaenathus ' elder son and co
He laughed, though, when asked if he thought his visit
 As Wagner prospered , it became second @-@ nature for him , his wife <unk> and the Wagner circle to <unk> Meyerbeer and his works , and <unk> 's <unk> contain numerous instances of this – ( as well as recording a dream of Wagner 's in which he and Meyerbeer were reconciled ) . Wagner 's autobiography ' Mein <unk> ' , circulated amongst his friends ( and published
6534	Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women
 Childhood friends , Donnel Carty , 18 , and Delano Brown , 17 , had earlier that evening robbed chef <unk> Ali , a middle @-@ aged man in Kensal Green station , 20 minutes before Pryce arrived at the station on his way home from work . Pryce was walking from Kensal Green <unk> station at about 2300 to <unk> <unk> , when he was attacked . According to witness reports , Pryce was running along Bathurst Gardens from two black youths . According to testimony from Delano Brown , Donnel Carty stabbed Pryce after they had chased him from Kensal Green <unk> station where police found a trail of blood and belongings , including a pair of gloves and papers regarding Pryce 's wedding arrangements . As the youths chased Pryce , Carty " fly @-@ kicked " him in the back and he dropped to the floor . As Pryce attempted to
 Ali learned that his regurgitation talents had the potential to entertain and to earn money through performance at the age of fifteen : 
9092	Eastwood winces , clutches his
The guy behind the counter was super friendly - I think he may be the
Can't imagine how he works during
8954	Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a
 On my third day in Princeton I was invited to give a short report on my thesis work . There were usually two or three speakers at these " Journal Club " meetings . This time the speakers were <unk> <unk> , Albert Einstein , and Ed Creutz . To be on the same program with these two giants of scientific accomplishments was <unk> . Just before the meeting began , my sponsor , <unk> , asked me , " Say , Creutz , have you met Einstein yet ? " I had not . <unk> took me over to where Einstein was sitting in <unk> and tennis shoes , and said , " Professor Einstein , this is Creutz who has come to work on our cyclotron . " The great man held out his hand , which seemed as big as a dinner plate , and said in an accented voice
 Although he had not played an NBA game in a year and a half , Jordan played well upon his return , making a game @-@ winning jump shot against Atlanta in his fourth game back . He then scored 55 points in the next game against the Knicks at Madison Square Garden on March 28 , 1995 . <unk> by Jordan 's comeback , the Bulls went 13 – 4 to make the playoffs and advanced to the Eastern Conference <unk> against the Orlando Magic . At the end of Game 1 , Orlando 's Nick Anderson stripped Jordan from behind , leading to the game @-@ winning basket for the Magic ; he would later comment that Jordan " didn 't look like the old Michael Jordan " and that " No. 45 doesn 't explode like No. 23 used to . " Jordan then returned to wearing his old number in the next game , scoring 38 points in a Bulls win . The Bulls were fined $ 30 @,@ 000 for the game : $ 25 @,@ 000 for failing to report the impromptu number change to the NBA and $ 5 @,@ 000 for Jordan wearing different shoes .
He spoke against the arrest, on Tuesday, of
 Dylan has been a supporter of the Chabad <unk> movement in the last 20 years , and has privately participated in Jewish religious events , including the Bar <unk> of his sons and attending Hadar <unk> , a Chabad <unk> <unk> . In September 1989 and September 1991 , he appeared on the Chabad <unk> . Dylan reportedly visits Chabad <unk> ; on <unk>
The chef is a former sous chef to Mike Symon and he Certainly learned his
11275	Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before
The aromas will smack you in the face the moment you walk in and you'll notice the hard working chef juggling phone calls and tasting his food assuring it's
1845	This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
 Following Roy Hodgson 's appointment as Liverpool manager he stated that Torres would not be sold by the club , saying " He is not for sale and we don 't welcome any offers for him . We want to keep him . " Hodgson dismissed reports Torres was set to leave Liverpool by saying " He has told us that he is looking forward to Monday , to getting back to work and looking forward to playing for Liverpool next season . That is what I know so other reports , I would suggest , are erroneous . " Torres stated his commitment to Liverpool on 3 August , saying " My commitment and loyalty to the club and to the fans is the same as it was on my first day when I
[VA] Roommate has picked the lock to the breaker and is cutting off power to my room in order to get me to bend to his will.
1863	Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
We checked in on a Thursday but the kiosk would not allow my boyfriend to check in, even though his name was on the
I took my dad and brother once.
He insisted we all try it and we all agreed it
The vote appeared to be a miscalculation by the White House and Senate Democrats, who have worked together for years to deflect GOP opposition to Obama's picks and usually vote in lock step to confirm his
He did
EJ was surprised to see me-- I guess the bugs aren't worked out yet on the shop getting all the info from the website, but he assured me it wouldn't be a problem,
The food is pricey, but Hubby used his Reward Card points to
 He recovered to feature in the next campaign , making his league debut on 16
8124	There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
What, do you think Id just use my son
It hit him hard and he
I'm a young single guy that eats out alone quite a bit because
I tried my friend Josh's Fish Tacos and his was
One of them threw his water all over the floor in a fit
When I brought up the fact that they left me stranded for four days the man on the phone said 'that's between you
 For the later New Kingdom , a relief from the Saqqara tomb of the priest <unk> , dating to the 19th or 20th Dynasty shows three gods faced by several deceased pharaohs . These are <unk> and <unk> , of the Third Dynasty and Userkaf , founder of the Fifth Dynasty . He is followed by a fourth king whose name is damaged but which is often read " Djedkare " or , much less likely , " <unk> " . The relief is an expression of personal piety on <unk> 's behalf , who prayed to the ancient kings for them to recommend him to the gods .
I think it tasted pretty good too, but he
He said: Many other potentially harmful products already carry
Made our night that much better by being quick with his drinks and highlighting
Boy scouts camping, 1926 (ALAMY) Security officials also issued warnings about attempts involving Socialist Sunday School boys and girls
Finally I decide to pull up to the window dude is totally chill and only one guy working.
'Serious' impact on economic growth He said the trend had also opened up the debate among investors about the levers they have to push changes within companies, with the
Labor has slammed Tony Abbott, declaring him embarrassing for cancelling meetings with the world's top finance officials during his visit to
 The run starts by introducing two main antagonists , an aging politician , who is using a strange portal to enter other people 's minds and commit crimes , and Mako , a <unk> <unk> who <unk> other <unk> in order to obtain their power . Constantine 's attempt to play them off one another only succeeds in making them join forces in a further plot . Constantine then traps them both with considerable ease , and questions how this has been so easy . It then becomes apparent that he has been manipulated by the ' Golden Child ' , his twin who did not survive childbirth , and has been manipulating events for the whole of the series , including his battle with cancer and many other events . He declines his twin 's offer to merge souls , suspicious that his twin has been weakening his will in past years to make
 Cooksey was a utility player , due to his versatility on the left @-@ flank and in the centre of midfield as a box @-@ to @-@ box midfielder . He was predominately a midfielder , throughout his career playing in the centre or on the left @-@ wing . During his spell with Grays Athletic , he was used as a defender , playing as a left full @-@ back
 The carved panel facing this one is a two @-@ level depiction of Ravana lifting Kailash . The upper scene is Mount Kailash , where Shiva and Parvati are seated . The eight @-@ armed , three @-@ eyed Shiva wears headgear with a crescent and disc behind it . Most of his arms are broken , two of them resting on attendants ' heads . The Parvati figure , seated facing Shiva , remains only as a trunk . The panel is flanked by
10775	Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale
I wish I had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with It (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)
253	Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man
 He scored 10 goals in 37 league games as they won a second consecutive promotion into League One in the 2008 – 09 season . This included consecutive <unk> on 27 September and 4 October , in wins over Macclesfield Town ( 4 – 1 away ) and Gillingham ( 3 – 0 home ) . The following campaign , despite never having previously played at as high a level , he was a regular starter for Exeter in League One , scoring eight goals in a season curtailed by his cancer diagnosis . 
 DeGrom began playing baseball as a shortstop and was converted into a pitcher during his junior year at Stetson . The Mets selected him in the ninth round of the 2010 MLB Draft , and he made his MLB debut with the Mets on May 15 , 2014 .
 DeGrom is from <unk> Springs , Florida . He was raised by his parents , Tony , an AT & T lineman , and Tammy , a customer service representative for a credit card rewards program . Tony built a batting cage in the backyard for his son to practice . He credits his
He was able
David Luiz back-headed to the feet of Schürrle and he scored the opening goal that
My married guy friend [35/m] touched me (32/f) when he thought I was sleeping. Should I tell my boyfriend? Should I tell his
4332	`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny
10362	Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a
Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland's deputy first minister and a co-negotiator with Adams in Sinn Féin during the peace process, said he had expressed his concern to David Cameron
 He returned to Deauville in August to win the Grand Prix again , this time carrying 151 pounds . At Newmarket on 11 October he recorded a repeat victory in the
Morello's attacking style inspired many of the new versions of songs on High Hopes and he is now a full band member for the latest tour.
He treated the inside of the house, the outside, the perimeter, pretty much every square inch of the
 Simon de Montfort claimed to be ruling in the King 's name through a council of officials . However , he had effective political control over the government even though he was not himself the monarch , the first time this had happened in English history . Montfort successfully held a parliament in London in June 1264 to confirm new constitutional arrangements for England ; four knights were summoned from each county , chosen by the county court , and were allowed to comment on general matters of state – the first time this had occurred . Montfort was unable to consolidate his victory
 The type species Corythosaurus casuarius was named by Barnum Brown in 1914 , based on the first specimen collected by him in 1912 . AMNH 5240 is thus the holotype . In 1916 , the original author , Brown , published a more detailed description which was also based on AMNH <unk> , which specimen is therefore the <unk> . Corythosaurus is among many lambeosaurines that possess crests , and it was the crest that lends Corythosaurus its name . The generic name Corythosaurus is derived from Greek <unk> , <unk> , " Corinthian helmet " , and means " <unk> lizard " . The specific name casuarius refers to the cassowary , a bird with a similar skull crest . The full binomial of Corythosaurus casuarius thus means " <unk> @-@ like
 Finkelstein completed his undergraduate studies at Binghamton University in New York in 1974 , after which he studied at the École <unk> des <unk> Études in Paris . A deep admirer of Paul <unk> , he was an ardent <unk> and was devastated by the news of the trial of the Gang of Four , an event which " totally devastated " him , and led him
He then came back and told me what he found and what to expect to see over the next
The principal made a complaint to the police after he received a doctored photograph of himself in a CCTV screenshot of the raid, with captions saying that he has been caught in Dongguan for prostitution, so school term is delayed.
 Beer , as he still named himself , studied with Antonio <unk> and the German master and friend of <unk> , Carl Friedrich <unk> . Louis <unk> organised a concert for Beer at Berlin in 1804 and continued his acquaintance with the lad later in Vienna and Rome . A portrait of Jacob commissioned by the family at this time shows him ' confidently facing the viewer , his hair romantically <unk> … his left hand rests on the keyboard , and his right hand <unk> a musical manuscript … <unk> [ ing ] its subject in the tradition of the young Mozart ' . Beer 's first stage work , the ballet Der Fischer und <unk> <unk> ( The Fisherman and the <unk> ) was produced in March 1810 at the Court Opera in Berlin . His formal training with the <unk> Vogler at <unk> between 1810 and 1812 was , however , of crucial importance , and at around this time he begins to sign himself ' Meyer Beer ' . Here , with his fellow students ( who included Carl Maria von Weber ) , he learnt not only the craft of composition but also the business of music ( organising concerts and dealing with publishers )
That mail guy had no idea there was
Number two is if it's an essential national service, and number three is if it is in an environment where other sovereigns are engaging in direct competition to the massive disadvantage of an Australian business, then you need to take that into account,'' he said at the time.
 A survey conducted by Minnesota 's Department for Families and Children 's Services shows that men consider child care to be far more important than a <unk> . Of 600 dads surveyed , a majority said their most important role was to " show love and affection " to kids . " Safety and protection " came next , followed by " moral guidance , " " taking time to play , " and " teaching and encouraging . " " Financial care " finished last . Many men are now becoming more involved in their children 's lives , and because of that many men now have a better understanding of what life is like for their child growing up in modern society . Because fathers are immersed in their children 's lives , many of the <unk> " <unk> " attitudes and activities historically prescribed for children may be <unk> due to a more gender @-@ neutral parenting approach that focuses on promoting independence and emotional well being . This allows children , especially male children , to
 Ben Hartman and Matt Dodge both contributed to East Carolina 's kicking game . Dodge punted the ball seven times for 302 yards . His longest was a 61 – yard kick , and he had four <unk> . Hartman and Dodge shared kickoff duty . Dodge had four kickoffs , compared with Hartman 's three . Dodge averaged 60 @.@ 5 yards per kick , while Hartman averaged 57 yards . In addition , Hartman added six points to the <unk> from field goal attempts . He was two for two , with the second field goal attempt being the game @-@ winner in the fourth quarter . Dwayne Harris handled all punt returns . He fielded two <unk> , returning them for a total of five yards . <unk> @-@ return duty was handled by Chris Johnson . He returned six kickoffs for 153 yards , with his longest return consisting of 39 yards .
I decided to write a review because he is
10574	With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome
John McCain mocks
 The Fur Trade in Canada also describes the cultural interactions among three groups of people : the Europeans in fashionable metropolitan centres who regarded beaver hats as luxury items ; the European colonial settlers who saw beaver fur as a staple that could be exported to pay for essential manufactured goods from the home country , and First Nations peoples who traded furs for industrial goods such as metal pots , knives , guns and liquor . Innis describes the central role First Nations peoples played in the development of the fur trade . Without their skilled hunting techniques , knowledge of the territory and advanced tools such as <unk> , <unk> and birch @-@ bark canoes , the fur trade would not have existed . However , dependence on European technologies disrupted First Nations societies . " The new technology with its radical innovations " , Innis writes , " brought about such a rapid shift in the prevailing Indian culture as to lead to wholesale destruction of the peoples concerned by warfare and disease . " Historian Carl Berger argues that by placing First Nations culture at the centre of his analysis of the fur trade , Innis " was the first to explain adequately the disintegration of
But the guy I said it
He's coming back next week for another treatment that was included in his price.
 In February 1950 , Hooper 's competitor A. C. Nielsen bought out the <unk> system . DuMont did not fare well with the change : none of its shows appeared on Nielsen 's annual top 20 lists of the most popular series . One of the DuMont Network 's biggest hits of the 1950s , Life is Worth Living , received Nielsen ratings of up to 11 @.@ 1 , attracting more than 10 million viewers . Sheen 's one @-@ man program – in which he discussed philosophy , psychology and other fields of
When you go to tell the manager on duty that your storage got broken into and he can't even make eye contact with you not
7043	Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of
Waitohheyhuh, oh great now he knows, and I
John-Paul Lipscombe, 53, from Cairns, died two kilometres from the entrance to the mountain park on Monday morning, police captain I
They've done wonders for my husband and my son and
 Barry John Cullen ( born August 2 , 1964 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Pittsburgh Penguins , Hartford Whalers , Toronto Maple Leafs and Tampa Bay Lightning . He was a standout player for Boston University and is the school 's all @-@ time leading scorer . After the Buffalo Sabres selected him in the 1986 NHL Supplemental Draft but chose not to offer him a contract , Cullen signed with the Flint Spirits of the International Hockey League ( IHL ) for the 1987 – 88 season where he
I did and he said they were to busy to take any
4822	God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy
Told the kid the waiter never came back to table He was in
You get a huge plate of food -- I had sausage, home fries, and eggs, and my guy had French toast -- for under $10.
* Draw opens up for Murray * Order of play: day four * The very best images from Wimbledon * 'Warrior Watson can beat Kerber' Will Nadal fall to Rosol again? Can the Spaniard be considered a real challenger at Wimbledon this year despite little grass time and his recent
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says hes
8567	Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
 Wilde hesitated about submitting the script to Alexander , worrying that it might be unsuitable for the St James 's Theatre , whose typical repertoire was relatively serious , and explaining that it had been written in response to a request for a play " with no real serious interest " . When Henry James 's Guy <unk> failed , Alexander turned to Wilde and agreed to put on his play . Alexander began his usual meticulous preparations , <unk> the author on each line and planning stage movements with a toy theatre . In the course of these rehearsals Alexander asked Wilde to shorten the play from four acts to three . Wilde agreed and
Reminder: Donald Trump Avoided Vietnam Because His Feet
 He had been linked with the manager 's position at Bradford City on numerous previous occasions , and after Colin Todd was sacked on 12 February 2007 , City chairman Julian Rhodes made McCall his number one target to take over in the summer . Club captain David Wetherall temporarily took over and was later announced as caretaker manager for the rest of the 2006 – 07 season . On 18 May 2007 it was announced McCall would become full @-@ time manager of the club where he started his career , and on 1 June 2007 he assumed the position . In less than seven years since McCall 's first two @-@ game reign , serious financial problems had driven the club to the verge of closure , and although they survived the threat of oblivion , they were unable to avoid a terrible
 Not much is known about the rule of Ha ' K 'in Xook ; his reign , along with that of Yo 'nal Ahk III , has been referred to as " <unk> " by Flora Clancy , and James L. <unk> argues that Ha ' K 'in Xook seems to have been a weaker ruler when compared to the reign of Itzam K 'an Ahk II because Ha ' K 'in Xook erected few monuments , and he did not reinforce his power on a larger scale , choosing only to do so at local polities . The only notable recorded event that has been preserved during the life of Ha ' K 'in Xook is of an incident that took place at El <unk> , most likely related to the burial of a contemporary <unk> . According to Zachary
There were 2-3 employees standing around who could have taken over bagging food, but he wouldn't
We had a total of three encounters with the server: once to order, when he brought our food, and when
9086	First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course
The witness said that days after the attack he had met Mr Jacobs, who
 Peach Bowl officials pronounced themselves pleased with both the turnout for the game and the action on the field . Though traffic jams <unk> attendees ' arrival to the stadium , there were only 5 @,@ 366 no @-@ shows out of 58 @,@ 212 tickets sold . Following the game , Peach Bowl chairman Ira <unk> announced that the bowl would seek corporate sponsorship and a potential television broadcast deal with a major American television network . The takeover by the chamber of commerce also proved to be successful , as the 1986
 Mega Man & Bass , known in Japan as Rockman & Forte ( <unk> & <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> ) , is an action @-@ platform video game developed and published by Capcom . It is a spin @-@ off title in the original Mega Man series and was originally released exclusively in Japan on April 24 , 1998 for the Super Famicom . Mega Man & Bass was ported to the Game Boy Advance ( GBA )
We had shutters done throughout the home about 2800 sf and his
 By 1975 he was pursuing a <unk> in radio <unk> , first at Temple University 's <unk> and then at commercial enterprises . In 1975 , he was employed at radio station <unk> and he became host of a weekly feature program of <unk> @-@ FM in 1978 . He was also employed for brief periods at radio station <unk> , and became active in the local chapter of the <unk> <unk> Association of America . From 1979 he worked at National Public Radio @-@ affiliate ( NPR ) <unk> until 1981 when he was asked to submit his resignation after a dispute about the requirements of objective focus in his presentation of news . As a radio journalist he earned the moniker " the voice of the <unk> " and was renowned for identifying with and giving exposure to the <unk> <unk> @-@ <unk> commune in Philadelphia 's <unk> Village neighborhood , including <unk> of the 1979 – 80 trial of certain of its members ( the " <unk> Nine "
 The battery was defended by a 20 mm anti @-@ aircraft gun and several machine guns in 15 gun positions , all enclosed in an area 700 by 500 yards ( 640 by 460 m ) surrounded by two barbed wire obstacles 15 feet ( 4 @.@ 6 m ) thick by 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 5 m ) high , which also acted as the exterior border for a 100 @-@ yard @-@ deep ( 91 m ) minefield . Another obstacle was an anti @-@ tank ditch covering any approach from the nearby coast . The original commander of the battery , <unk> <unk> , was killed during a Royal Air Force bombing raid on 19 May 1944 . He was replaced
 Because this species resembles the earthstar fungi of Geastrum , it was placed in that genus by early authors , starting with Christian <unk> Persoon in 1801 ( as <unk> , an alternate spelling of Geastrum ) . According to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan , however , the species differed from those of Geastrum in not having open chambers in the young gleba , having larger and branched <unk> threads , not having a true hymenium , and having larger spores . Accordingly , Morgan set Persoon 's <unk> <unk> as the type species of his new genus Astraeus in 1889 . Despite Morgan 's publication , some authorities in the following decades continued to classify the species in Geastrum . The New @-@ Zealand based mycologist Gordon <unk> Cunningham explicitly transferred the species back to the genus Geastrum in 1944 , explaining :
I could tell he knew a lot about the products
 Although Jack <unk> claimed that he had invented the term " bodyline " , it is more likely that it was coined by Sydney journalist Hugh <unk> who worked for The Sun in 1932 , and who happened to be a colleague of Jack Fingleton . <unk> sent a telegram to his newspaper from the Test after a day 's
The delivery guy called me saying he was lost and I gave him directions but
 Across all his bands and projects , Townsend has released twenty @-@ three studio albums and three live albums . Townsend 's trademark production style , featuring a heavily <unk> wall of sound , has been compared to the styles of
The airport guy didn't let me do that and he said there was
Had Tyler a time or two too, he was
The first time up the ladder I didn't want to let go and the poor guy up there very
 Bowman scored his first goals for York away to Cheltenham Town , as York twice
"22yr old male sending explicit hentai/pony porn to my teenage daughter, any
 <unk> the Song of violating the agreement and realizing the weakness of the Song , the Jin generals launched a second punitive campaign , again dividing their troops into two armies . Wanyan Zonghan , who had withdrawn from Taiyuan after the Kaifeng agreement and left a small force in charge of the siege , came back with his western army . <unk> , Taiyuan fell in September 1126 , after 260 days of siege . When the Song court received news of the fall of Taiyuan , the officials who had advocated defending the empire militarily fell from favor again and were replaced by <unk> who favored <unk> . In
 I would like to say that I believe the lowest dimension of hell has been reserved for child <unk> and unrepentant murderers , like Mumia Abu @-@ Jamal . After thirty years of waiting , the time remaining before Abu @-@ Jamal stands before his ultimate judge . It doesn 't seem so far off as it once did when I was younger . I look forward to that day so I can finally close the chapter of my life and live with the <unk> and assurance that Mumia Abu @-@ Jamal will finally receive the punishment he deserves , for all <unk> . 
 In recognition of the resemblance of the teeth to those of the iguana , Mantell decided to name his new animal Iguanodon or " iguana @-@ tooth " , from iguana and the Greek word <unk> ( <unk> , <unk> or " tooth " ) . Based on isometric scaling , he estimated that the creature might have been up to 18 metres ( 59 feet ) long , more than the 12 metres ( 39 feet ) length of Megalosaurus . His initial idea for a name was Iguana @-@ <unk> ( " Iguana lizard " ) , but his friend William Daniel <unk> suggested that that name was more applicable to the iguana itself , so a better name would be <unk> ( " Iguana @-@ like " ) or Iguanodon . He neglected to add a specific name to form a proper binomial , but one was supplied in 1829 by Friedrich Holl : I. <unk> , which was later amended to I. anglicus .
He is very entertaining but
I usually dont say anything when these situations occur but i spoke to the cashier, telling him that he was the nicest person throughout
He said it was flavorless and had to add hot sauce
During my lunch, I totally watched a guy make pasta from scratch
i ended up eating all of my fries and my friend's when he
A Durham constabulary spokesman said: There have been no
He made no
He no longer plays the piano, which he did for two hours a day until very
 In 1795 , François Alexandre Frédéric visited Spanish Hill while en route to Canada . He described the hill as " a mountain in the shape of a sugar loaf , about 100 feet high , with level top , on which are remains of <unk> . One perpendicular <unk> is still remaining , plainly indicating a parapet and ditch . " In 1833 , another individual visiting the hill described " the remains of a wall which runs around the whole exactly on the brow , and within a deep ditch or <unk> running round the whole summit . " In 1898 , <unk>
Enjoyed the diner ambiance and yummy lamb burger Po'Greek boy
 <unk> illumination continued into the late Middle Ages , moving from elaborate <unk> to charters , like that confirming the rights of <unk> Abbey from <unk> . Very little painting from Scottish churches survives . There is only one surviving Doom painting in Scotland , at Guthrie near <unk> , which may have been painted by the same artist as the elaborate <unk> and other paintings at <unk> Easter , eighteen miles away . As in England , the monarchy may have had model portraits of royalty used for copies and reproductions , but the versions of native royal portraits that survive are generally crude by continental standards . Much more impressive are the works or artists imported from the continent , particularly the Netherlands , generally considered the centre of painting in the Northern Renaissance . The products of these connections included a fine portrait of William <unk> , Bishop of Aberdeen ( <unk> – 1514 ) ; the images of St Catherine and St John brought to <unk> ; Hugo van Der Goes 's altarpiece for the Trinity College Church in Edinburgh , commissioned by James III , and the work after which the Flemish Master of James IV of Scotland is named . There are also a relatively large number of elaborate devotional books from the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries , usually produced in the Low Countries and France for Scottish patrons , including the prayer book commissioned by Robert <unk> , Bishop
Earlier on Friday the MP Chris Spence, a Liberal until he withdrew from the party pending the Icac hearings, admitted he was billing for private advice while working for another Liberal member, and charging his clients GST without
11183	Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's
He was the manager for the night.
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
There would have been parties from my younger days, he said.
 Harold Innis 's analysis of the effects of communications on the rise and fall of empires led him to warn <unk> that Western civilization was now facing its own profound crisis . The development of powerful communications media such as mass @-@ circulation newspapers had shifted the balance decisively in favour of space and
He's been so up and down health wise and I'm glad I got a second opinion because he
He'll be have a procedure soon so I completed his pre-op paperwork using
1767	Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being
When we informed a manager of our dilemma, he had our tacos
Marine Corps emblem and that they were searching for him
On our most recent visit, he picked up a few beer pork sausages along with wild blueberry and bison versions  as well - the fam loved them.
My friend who got the carbonara said the sauce was much too heavy but he really enjoyed his side
This feature was not quite ready for launch, but owner Matt told us that he will have it operational soon and that he is the first one to
Our other friend ordered one of each, he ate one, (carnitas) and about 30 min later also became sick.
(In Obama's 2013 joint interview with Clinton, he did not mention
 Busch did not remain in Frankfurt . Towards the end of the 1860s he alternated between Wiedensahl and Lüthorst , and <unk> where his brother Gustav lived . The association with Johanna Kessler lasted five years , and
 Biblical tradition holds that the Qedarites are named for Qedar , the second son of Ishmael , mentioned in the Bible 's books of Genesis ( 25 : 13
Integration into the single market is absolutely crucial to our economy, he explains.
We expected a guy to roll up and toss us the food through the window but he didn't do
11031	Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against
 A graduate of the Stevens Institute of Technology and New York University , Reines joined the Manhattan Project 's Los Alamos Laboratory in 1944 , working in the Theoretical Division in Richard Feynman 's group . He became a group leader there in 1946 . He participated in a number of nuclear tests , culminating in his becoming the
After discovering the couple's caravan at Stud Holme Farm Holiday Park in Heysham, he bombarded Ms Rudrum with phone calls and text messages, the last reading: Are
However, the green belt is a national policy designation which I strongly support and would oppose developments that threaten it, he
He had a the Tavern
I ordered two buffalo trace old fashions and the bartender reached under the bar and pulled up two glasses that apparently had been prepped with what appeared to be mashed up maraschino cherries and some ice and then he just poured in the bourbon and then charged be $34.00 for
He told us they had not tried it....but never
 Twenty @-@ four hours earlier , Skinner loses a boxing match after experiencing a dizzy spell . He is discharged from the hospital but Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) witness a <unk> on his ribs growing . After trawling through security footage from the entrance to the J. Edgar Hoover Building , Scully recognizes a physicist by the name of Dr. Kenneth <unk> , who advises the Senate <unk> on ethics and new technology , who stopped Skinner in the hall that same morning . Mulder and Skinner travel to the physicist 's house but find he is being held hostage . Mulder apprehends one of the <unk> , who does not speak English . They release him since he has papers showing diplomatic immunity
 Reviewers described live concerts by the Amps as <unk> and relaxed . The Chronicle 's <unk> <unk> praised their show at an unidentified location as " fun @-@ spirited and silly " . Greg <unk> of The Chicago Tribune described one of their Chicago performances as " off @-@ <unk> " and wrote that " Deal 's pungent vocals were swallowed up by the guitars , and the <unk> 's slight melodies were lost amid all the bashing . " A review in The Chicago Reader of the same concert noted that " The Amps play with a low @-@ key , <unk> sound . " The Phoenix 's Matt <unk> felt that at their December 1995 show in Boston " the Amps didn 't click in a way that would suggest that this was Deal 's new , full @-@ time band " ; he added that it
 The high @-@ profile and protracted five @-@ year development of Fez led to its status as an " underdog darling of the indie game scene " . The 2012 puzzle platform game built around rotating between four 2D views of a 3D space was developed by indie developer Polytron Corporation and published by Polytron , Trapdoor , and Microsoft Studios . Over the course of the game 's development , Fez designer and Polytron founder Phil Fish received celebrity for his outspoken public persona and prominence in the 2012 documentary Indie Game : The Movie , which followed the game 's final stages of development and Polytron 's related legal issues . The game was released to critical acclaim as an Xbox Live Arcade timed
Trump Says He Cut Wall Street Reform Because His “Friends” Need
When I mentioned this to the proprietor, he told me they could absolutely do
We where on Happy hour time yet he charged me $9.50 for a half a shot of TQ.
 The Actor 's Children was released with enthusiasm and positive reviews in trade publications . The Moving Picture World reviews would be favorable and without much criticism , even calling the acting convincing . A more honest review in The New York Dramatic Mirror was written by a reviewer who was pleased with the production , but offered criticism about the production 's weaker aspects . The reviewer found there to be too much emphasis on the unimportant parts and a lack of emotion from the actors , and the child actors performance was faulted by repeatedly looking at the camera . Critical reception of the film may not have been entirely neutral for a number of reasons . Edwin Thanhouser was a well @-@ liked gentleman who had many friends in the Patents Company that likely wanted him to succeed . Furthermore , writers in the magazines hoped that <unk> would
Major points up for this, we were an intoxicated mess that night and he should've just shooed
 The film is often credited with making Amitabh Bachchan a " superstar " , two years after he became a star with <unk> ( 1973 ) . Some of the supporting actors remained etched in public memory as the characters they played in Sholay ; for example , Mac Mohan continued to be referred to as " Sambha " , even though his character had just one line . Major and minor characters continue to be used in commercials , promos , films and sitcoms . Amjad Khan acted in many villainous roles later in his career . He also played Gabbar Singh again in the 1991 spoof Ramgarh Ke Sholay , and reprised the role in commercials . The British Film Institute in 2002 wrote that fear of Gabbar Singh " is still invoked by mothers to put their children to sleep " . The 2012 film Gabbar Singh , named after the character , became the highest grossing Telugu film up to that point . <unk> Jagdeep , who played Soorma Bhopali in the film , attempted to use his Sholay success to create a spinoff . He directed and played the lead role in the 1988 film Soorma Bhopali
We started a tab, and he just decided to charge us way more drinks than we
Met a friend for lunch today as he wanted to try this place.
 After the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey was renamed British Antarctic Survey in 1962 , a series of depots were developed , including one at Mount Jackson . BAS members were successful in making many first <unk> of the mountains of the Antarctic Peninsula , and John Cunningham , who served at the BAS base at Adelaide Island , was the first to climb Mount Jackson . Traveling by dog <unk> for 640 kilometres ( 400 mi ) , his team reached the
 The memory of Odaenathus was highly esteemed in the Roman empire ; the Augustan History , written in the fourth century , places Odaenathus among the Thirty <unk> ( probably because he assumed the title of king ) . However , it speaks highly of his role in the Persian war and credit him with saving the
3323	Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi
 Trinsey v. Pennsylvania <unk> <unk> 224 was a case decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit that confirmed the validity of special elections held without a primary under the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Amendments to the United States Constitution . The case came about due to the death of H. John Heinz III , one of the US Senators from Pennsylvania , in a plane crash on April 4 , 1991 . Under the Seventeenth Amendment , state legislatures may give the Governor the power to appoint officials to fill temporarily vacant Senate seats until a special election can be held , and Pennsylvanian law contained a statute executing this and requiring no primaries for the special election . Instead , both the Democrats and Republicans would each internally select their candidates . John S. Trinsey Jr . , a <unk> and potential candidate , asked the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania to declare the statute unconstitutional as a violation on the Fourteenth and Seventeenth amendments , because the lack of a primary removed his right to properly vote for candidates and delegated that power to political parties . 
 From 1837 , Alkan lived in the Square d <unk> in Paris , which was inhabited by numerous celebrities of the time including Marie <unk> , Alexandre Dumas , George Sand , and Chopin . Chopin and Alkan were personal friends and often discussed musical topics , including a work on musical theory that Chopin proposed to write . By 1838 , at 25 years old , Alkan had reached a peak of his career . He frequently gave recitals , his more mature works had begun to be published , and he often appeared in concerts with Liszt and Chopin . On 23 April 1837 Alkan took part in Liszt 's farewell concert in Paris , together with the 14 @-@ year @-@ old César Franck and the virtuoso Johann Peter <unk> . On 3 March 1838 , at a concert at the piano @-@ maker <unk> , Alkan played with Chopin , Zimmerman , and Chopin 's pupil Adolphe <unk> in a
5365	I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male ,
He took my
 Cresswell started his career with York City in their youth system , making his first team debut in a Second Division match in 1996 . Having scored 19 goals for York in the 1998 – 99 season he signed for Premier League team Sheffield Wednesday in 1999 . After their relegation the following year he joined Leicester City of the Premier League , but was loaned to First Division side Preston North End in 2001 and played for them in the 2001 First Division play @-@ off Final . He signed for Preston permanently in the summer . He had four full seasons with Preston , scoring a career best 21 goals in the 2004 – 05 season , which culminated in defeat in
Maybe it got better after that chef guy left?
 Chris Turner ( born September 8 , 1987 ) is an American football quarterback . He played quarterback for the Maryland Terrapins at the University of Maryland from 2007 to 2009 . Turner began his career at Maryland as a redshirt in 2005 and then served as a reserve quarterback before he
Look he doesnt have any brothers or sisters, somebodys gonna have to teach him
We needed a new transformer,  he didn't
 After many potential titles , Magadheera was considered and finalised in early February 2009 . Tamil and Malayalam dubbed versions were planned in mid February 2009 . The film 's Tamil dubbed version was titled as Maaveeran , named after the 1986 Tamil film . Geetha Arts collaborated with <unk> Stalin for the Tamil version and distributed it under his production banner , Red Giant Movies . K. <unk> wrote the dialogues
I got the banana pecan caramel pancakes and he got this
When the chance to go to Portugal arose, my father was scared because there are lots of agents who bring young footballers and then
The friendly male cashier
7974	If Shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead
[MI] Our son was
His reports are concise and easy to understand.
1186	Broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really
Guy showed up, said that he couldn't do the install, another guy
"I (F/22) am married to a guy (M/22) that acts like he doesn’t care,
 In 1973 , Stuart <unk> described it as " a rich and nourishing immersion in the rush of pure sensation and its flow of stirring shadows and ' dim dreams ' . In many ways the ode marks both a beginning and an end . It is both the <unk> and potentially the most ambitious of the sequence . Yet its failure , if we choose to consider it that , is more the result of deliberate <unk> than any inability of means . " Andrew Motion , in 1997 , argued , " Like ' Melancholy ' , the poem is too articulate for its own poetic good ... In two of his May odes , ' Melancholy ' and ' Indolence ' , Keats defined themes common to the whole group with such fierce <unk> that he restricted their imaginative power . His identity had prevailed . " 
 Reaction in the U.S. Congress to the incursion was also swift . Senators Frank F. Church ( Democratic Party , Idaho ) and John S. Cooper ( Republican Party , Kentucky ) , proposed an amendment to the Foreign Military Sales Act that would have cut off funding not only for U.S. ground operations and advisors in Cambodia , but would also have ended U.S. air support for Cambodian forces
 Though Wilhelm was primarily a starting pitcher in the minor leagues , he had been called up to a Giants team whose strong starting pitchers had led them to a National League ( NL ) pennant the year before . Giants manager Leo <unk> did not think that Wilhelm 's knuckleball approach would be effective for more than a few innings at a time . He assigned Wilhelm
Again, just sad, and I'll be a big man in saying that they kind of broke my heart getting rid of one of my most beloved
He was a friendly guy and was always there when you needed something.
 Goffman made substantial advances in the study of face @-@ to @-@ face interaction , elaborated the " dramaturgical approach " to human interaction , and developed numerous concepts that have had a massive influence , particularly in the field of the micro @-@ sociology of everyday life . Many of his works have concerned the organization of everyday behavior , a concept he termed " interaction order " . He contributed to the sociological concept of framing ( frame analysis ) , to game theory ( the concept of strategic interaction ) , and to the study of interactions and <unk> . With regard to the latter , he argued that the activity of speaking must be seen as a social rather than a linguistic construct . From a methodological perspective , Goffman often employed <unk> approaches , specifically ethnography , most famously in his study of social aspects of mental illness , in particular the functioning of total institutions .
2% contraction in production was weaker than we had expected, He said the figures amounted to a disappointing soft start to the year and were another reminder that the eurozone's economic recovery remains fragile.
552	A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with
This is coming from a guy from Memphis,
Such a nice guy friendly guy!
 Magadheera was the first Telugu film in India to have a home media release in Blu @-@ ray format . During the release announcement , Allu <unk> said that although they initially were reluctant to go for it , given the fact that there were approximately only 2500 Blu @-@ ray devices in Andhra Pradesh , the overwhelming demand for it made him rethink the decision . He added , " <unk> this vision with us was Sri <unk> Videos , the largest home @-@ video label in Andhra Pradesh . Together , we 're bringing out Magadheera on Blu @-@ ray . Though <unk> Videos released <unk> 's King ( 2008 ) on Blu @-@ ray , it was only for the overseas market . This makes Magadheera the first Blu @-@ ray film to
 Currently , Paranthodon is classified as a <unk> related to Stegosaurus , Tuojiangosaurus , and <unk> . However , when Broom assigned the name Palaeoscincus africanus to the Paranthodon fossils , he classified them as an ankylosaurian
On Wednesday Dr John Hogan, registrar
He is incredibly professional, responsive and even punctual.
He thought it was really good and was spicy.
The pancakes were great, my son said his
 Stansfield 's body was taken from St James Park to his funeral service at Exeter Cathedral
Fernando is a great guy, he made us a great cappuccino and very good pastries.
Werth received treatment and lifted weights before he ambled to his
10232	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself
856	It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he
We did not even have him sign the contract, which could have been a
 With 100 points from the first four races , Nico Rosberg remained on top of the Drivers ' Championship , while Hamilton 's retirement dropped him behind Räikkönen ,
 He did not seek reelection in 1986 after contracting <unk> disease from a tick bite . Though he no longer serves in Congress , Bedell remains active in Iowa politics , strongly supporting Howard Dean in 2004 over John Kerry . In the 2008 presidential election , he met several times with Chris
When we asked the owner if he had any extra fans
 Sidney <unk> , in his 1917 biography on Keats , grouped " Indolence " with the other 1819 odes in <unk> Keats 's " class of achievements " . In 1948 , Lord <unk> described the fifth stanza as , " lacking the magic of what the world agrees are the great Odes " but describes the language as " [ d ] <unk> , charming even " . Later , in a 1968 biography of Keats , <unk> describes the importance of the poem : " The whole ode , in fact , has a borrowed air , and he
He always goes out of his way to see me with my busy schedule and never rushes
When it comes to helping me heal from a injury or just keeping me aligned, he provides TOP NOTCH care and takes his time to understand
 Brooks designed World War Z to follow the " laws " set up in his earlier work , The Zombie Survival Guide ( 2003 ) , and explained that the guide may exist in the novel 's fictional universe . The zombies of The Zombie Survival Guide are human bodies <unk> by an <unk> virus ( <unk> ) , devoid of intelligence , <unk> solely of consuming living flesh , and cannot be killed unless the brain is destroyed . <unk> will eventually set in , but this process takes longer than for an uninfected body and can be slowed by effects such as freezing . Although zombies do not tire and are as strong as the humans they infect , they are slow @-@ moving and incapable of planning or cooperation in their attacks .
 A year into Park 's life sentence , around 40 family members and friends held a vigil at <unk> Prison , in a bid to raise awareness of " the fact that there is an innocent man in prison " . Another was held a year later , led by Jenny Park , and a third on the third anniversary of Park 's imprisonment . It was due to these <unk> , claimed <unk> Pastor George Harrison , that he was barred from visiting Park once he was transferred to Garth prison , in Lancashire . Other fronts for the campaign included an offer of £ 5 @,@ 000 for anyone providing evidence that lead to Gordon 's freedom . Included in this were planned adverts in the North @-@ West Evening Mail and leaflets to 20 @,@ 000 homes in the Furness area . However , this was being organised by Harrison , with whom Gordon and his third wife Jennifer stayed during the trial . Jeremy Park wrote to the North @-@ West Evening Mail to confirm that he wanted nothing to do with the reward , and that Harrison had no right
On the day of my appt I received a courtesy call from the technician on his arrival time needless to say I was skeptical because
He is the only person I ever
His face, flashing between comic pout and broad, mischievous smile, is becoming as familiar as that of his New Jersey schoolfriend thanks to his television acting roles, first in The Sopranos and
 His work is filled with pop cultural references to both film and music , as well as politics . Orson Welles ' Touch of Evil and John Ford 's The <unk> are mentioned prominently in more than one of his books , and Roxy Music is referenced in virtually every novel he wrote . The imagery in his novels is largely cinematic , with expressions such as " fade in / fade out " ,
 Other writers worthy of mention are <unk> Kavi , the author of <unk> ( <unk> ) , an account of the 22nd Jain tirthankar <unk> , and <unk> , author of a Jain version of the epic Ramayana in shatpadi metre called <unk> Ramayana in 1275 . The effort was influenced by Pampa Ramayana of Nagachandra . <unk> Padmarasa , son of Kereya Padmarasa , wrote the <unk> <unk> in shatpadi metre . <unk> Kavi , a Jain noble , wrote a quasi @-@ scientific piece called <unk> ( or <unk> ) in 1300 . The writing bears on natural phenomena such rain , earthquakes , lightning , planets and <unk> . A commentary on the <unk> <unk> , considered useful to students of the language , called <unk> <unk> <unk> was written by the Jain writer <unk> ( 1300 ) . Towards
 Once signed up , each man was instructed to travel to Switzerland , where appropriate <unk> were swiftly procured from the South African Embassy . In early November 1977 , the French recruits flew from Zurich to Johannesburg on a South African Airways liner , then to Salisbury by Air Rhodesia . Already in Rhodesia waiting for the men were their leaders : Major Roland de l <unk> , an ex @-@ officer of the French Army 's crack 11th Shock Parachute Regiment , and a former officer of the <unk> President Omar <unk> 's guard ; and Major Mario La Viola , once a non @-@ commissioned officer in the Foreign Legion 's 2nd Parachute Regiment . <unk> them were the <unk> Captain <unk> , who became the first black officer in
"You think he big,
When I went to pick up the cake at 3pm the clerk told me that he was going to put the message on
 That season , McNichol scored a hat @-@ trick against eventual runners @-@ up Reading , which caught the eye of manager Ted Drake . Shortly before the next season started , he became Drake 's first signing for his new club , Chelsea , at a fee of £ 12 @,@ 000 plus the player Jimmy <unk> , a club record fee received for Albion . He had scored 39 goals in all competitions from 165 appearances . Although scouts from bigger clubs had been watching the player since soon after his arrival at the club – he had apparently already turned down moves to Manchester City , Everton and Huddersfield Town – Brighton
 The People 's Army of Vietnam had been utilizing large sections of relatively unpopulated eastern Cambodia as sanctuaries into which they could withdraw from the struggle in South Vietnam to rest and reorganize without being attacked . These base areas were also utilized by the Vietnamese communists to store weapons and other material that had been transported on a large scale into the region on the Sihanouk Trail . PAVN forces had begun moving through Cambodian territory as early as 1963 . In 1966 , Prince <unk> Sihanouk , ruler of Cambodia , convinced of eventual communist victory in Southeast Asia and fearful for the future of his rule , had concluded an agreement with the People 's Republic of China which allowed the establishment of permanent communist bases
 The music was composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto , who had also worked on the previous Valkyria Chronicles games . When he originally heard about the project , he thought it would be a light tone similar to other Valkyria Chronicles games , but found the themes much darker than expected . An early theme he designed around his original vision of the project was rejected . He <unk> the main theme about seven times through the music production due to this need to <unk> the game . The main theme was initially recorded using orchestra , then Sakimoto removed elements such as the guitar and bass , then adjusted the theme using a synthesizer before <unk> segments such as the guitar piece on their own before incorporating them into the theme . The rejected main theme was used as a hopeful tune that played during the game 's ending . The battle themes were designed around the concept of a " modern battle " divorced from a fantasy scenario by using modern musical instruments , constructed to create a sense of <unk> . While Sakimoto was most used to working with synthesized music , he felt that he needed to incorporate live instruments such as orchestra and guitar . The guitar was played by <unk> <unk> , who also arranged several of the later tracks . The game 's opening theme
He is a person that will take the time to discuss what repairs are needed and doing what necessary within his power
What I didn't like was paying before he told me that he didn't have the
The former Tory whip was sacked as a vice-chairman of the Conservative Party after he criticised the HS2 rail
 Born in Spirit Lake , Iowa , Bedell was educated in Spirit Lake public schools . He graduated from Spirit Lake High School in 1939 , where he earned spending money with a
He asks me if I was made aware of this
2303	Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
 In 1945 , much of the area that is today 's Cleland Conservation Park was purchased by the State Government , largely thanks to the efforts of Professor Sir John Cleland . Most of this land was combined in 1963 to create the park that extends
dr hisham sirsy and his staff should all find a job that better fits their personalities and makes them happier people....or better yet save children and their parents
I took his advice and when I awoke, I felt great!
 On March 8 , 2011 , former Alice in Chains bassist Mike Starr was found dead at his home in Salt Lake City . Police told Reuters they were called to Starr 's home at 1 : 42 pm and found his body ; Starr was 44 . Reports later surfaced that Starr 's roommate had seen him mixing <unk> and anxiety medication hours before he was found dead . Later reports indicated Starr 's death may have been linked to two different types of <unk> prescribed to him by his doctor . A public
He said to prevent this from happening again and that I could possible make an
The server came over a few moments later, I  believe his name was Josh, he was nice,
"My boyfriend (25) keeps pressuring me (27) to admit that if his otherwise normal penis is perfect for me or is it not. It isn't 100% perfect but it doesn't matter to me! Should
 In Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte , a biography by Napoleon 's private secretary , Louis de <unk> , he notes that Le souper de Beaucaire was reprinted as a book – the first edition issued at the cost of the Public Treasury in August 1798 , and a second edition in 1821 , following Napoleon 's death . He also states , " It was during my absence from France that Bonaparte , in the rank of ' chef de <unk> ' [ major ] , performed his first campaign , and contributed so materially to the recapture of Toulon . Of this period of his life I have no personal knowledge , and therefore I shall not speak of it as an eye @-@ witness . I shall
 Charlie Brill returned to film new scenes as Klingon agent Arne Darvin , while original series writer Gerrold was allowed to appear as an extra in two scenes as a crewman from the Enterprise . In one of those scenes he was holding an original tribble from " The Trouble with Tribbles " . Walter Koenig was on hand as well during the filming of the episode to teach the DS9 actors how the consoles were operated on the Enterprise . Koenig later commented
 Sarnia 's musical and theatrical presence in Southern Ontario is significant . The International Symphony Orchestra plays at the Imperial Theatre for an annual season lasting from September to April . In addition to symphonic concerts , the Imperial Theatre offers year @-@ round dramatic productions ; Michael Learned played the lead in Driving Miss Daisy at the theatre in 2010 . Former Max Webster frontman Kim Mitchell has returned to his hometown on occasion to play a concert , including his visit in 2008 for Sarnia 's popular <unk> , a competition where local amateur chefs share their recipes for <unk> ribs and compete against each other . Canadian composer and music <unk> Raymond Murray Schafer was born in Sarnia and developed his radical <unk> techniques there . Musicians and groups such as Aerosmith , <unk> , Keith Urban , John Bon Jovi and Rascal Flatts have played at Sarnia Bayfest in the past . The Sarnia Bayfest , which was preceded by the " Festival by the Bay , " is an annual concert festival that features big @-@ name rock and country bands , typically during the second or third weekend of July . 2013 would have marked the fifteenth anniversary of the annual festival , but financial problems caused the event 's cancellation . Prior to December 2013
 In the writing of his novel , Qian Cai used a different character when spelling Zhou 's given name .
 Two films featuring Olivier were released in 1960 . The first — filmed in 1959 — was <unk> , in which he portrayed the Roman general , Marcus <unk> <unk> . His second was The Entertainer , shot while he was appearing in Coriolanus ; the film was well received by the critics , but not as warmly as the stage show had been . The reviewer for The Guardian thought the performances were good , and wrote that Olivier " on the screen as on the stage , achieves the tour de force of bringing Archie Rice ... to life " . For his performance , Olivier was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor . He also made an adaptation of The
Slapping them on their legs, he said See you on
 Four hours later , at 09 : 00 , 3 RAR was relieved on Maryang San and the Hinge by the Borderers , having lost 20 killed and 104 wounded . Chinese casualties on Hill 317 had been severe , with at least 283 killed ( determined by body count ) and another 50 captured , while hundreds more were thought likely to have been killed and wounded . Later it was estimated that the Australians had destroyed at least two Chinese battalions during the five @-@ day battle . 1 RNF once more advanced against Hill 217 , this time without opposition , sending patrols to confirm that the Chinese had withdrawn . They were met by patrols from 1 KOSB on the Hinge , with the Borderers taking control of the area at 11 : 00 . Hill 217 was latter occupied on 9 October by the Borderers . The 3 RAR Assault Pioneer Platoon , the Anti @-@ Tank Platoon and a platoon from C Company remained on Maryang San however , and during the evening of 8 / 9 October the Pioneers killed four Chinese during a probe on their position . They were finally relieved on 9 October . For his leadership , Hassett was immediately awarded the DSO , while a number of awards were also made to others that had distinguished themselves during the fighting . The Royal Australian Regiment was subsequently granted the battle honours " Kowang @-@ San " and " Maryang San " . Today , the First Battle of Maryang
5124	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall
 Federer won his first Master Series event at the 2002 Hamburg Masters on clay , over Marat Safin ; the victory put him in top 10 for the first time . Federer made 10 singles finals between 1998 and 2002 , of which he won four and lost six . He also made six finals in doubles . Of note are Federer and partner Max <unk> 's defeat in the final of the Indian Wells Masters in
4144	Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day
Besides the fact that the young man helping me didn't know what was supposed to go in the roll, was clearly nervous and shaking, and I had to stop him from putting in crab and put in the tuna instead (you think Ahi Lover
 Two other England internationals , John Kendall @-@ Carpenter and Clive Woodward , were inducted into the IRB Hall alongside Johnson at the 2011 IRB Awards . Although both had notable careers for England , they were recognised for accomplishments in
What?! What else did he say?
From the day I got my dog Rally, I knew I was going to treat him like my
He spends a lot of time on the finishing touches
It is surprising how he can help so many
Also he brought me iced tea as soon as I got settled in my seat before asking what I wanted to drink , later when
 Ingres ' portrait of Bertin was a critical and popular success , but the sitter was a private person . Although his family worried about caricature and disapproved , it became widely known and sealed the artist 's reputation . It was praised at the Paris Salon of 1833 , and has been influential to both academic painters such as Léon <unk> and later <unk> including Pablo Picasso and Félix <unk> . Today art critics regard it as Ingres ' finest male portrait . It has been on permanent display at the Musée du Louvre since 1897 . 
In fact, I tore my MCL last summer and his treatment plan got me to 100% in just
We take every single case into account, he told The Associated
His cooking skills are great and his humor is the cherry in top.
 The use of the name Earnest may have been a homosexual in @-@ joke . In 1892 , three years before Wilde wrote the play , John <unk> Nicholson had published the book of <unk> poetry Love In Earnest . The <unk> Of Boys ' Names included the verse : " Though Frank may ring like silver bell / And Cecil softer music claim / They cannot work the miracle / – ' Tis Ernest sets my heart a @-@ flame . " The word " earnest " may also have been a code @-@ word for homosexual , as in : " Is he earnest ? " , in the same way that "
It was a wonderful evening though I never heard from him again so I'm starting to think maybe it was just a head full of yummy wine and an infatuation with this lovely little place ;)
 Between 1965 and 1967 , APF Records released 19 audio episodes in the form of vinyl EPs . Three are original stories ; the rest are adapted from TV episode soundtracks , with additional narration provided by a member of the voice cast . The series ' first video game tie @-@ in , developed for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum computers , was released by <unk> Software in 1985 . Other titles have since been released for the Game Boy Color , Game Boy Advance and PlayStation 2 . During the late 1980s , the series was issued on home video for the first time by <unk> and its subsidiary Channel 5 . Following its acquisition by Carlton International Media in 1999 , Thunderbirds was digitally remastered for the
6721	Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy
I love taking my 2 year old son here.
Finally, he did bring our
My husband really liked his french onion soup (they now use their own veal
 I. <unk> ( also spelled I. <unk> ) was originally described by Thomas Henry <unk> in 1869 as the type species of Hypsilophodon ; Owen ( 1873 or 1874 ) reassigned it to Iguanodon , but his
 Despite these difficulties , the Channel Fleet was possessed of one of the best naval commanders of the age ; its commander @-@ in @-@ chief , Richard Howe , 1st Earl Howe , had learned his trade under Sir Edward <unk> and fought at the Battle of <unk> Bay in 1759 . In the spring of 1794 , with the French convoy 's arrival in European waters imminent , Howe had dispersed his fleet in three groups . George Montagu , in HMS Hector , was sent with six ships of the line and two frigates to guard British convoys to the East Indies , West Indies and Newfoundland as far
 = = = For the Father
We asked him how come are side dishes are taking a while he said they are still making them.
He sent us a check for the exact amount of my
 Wagner 's early correspondence with Meyerbeer , up to 1846 , is <unk> <unk> . However , from the early 1840s , as Wagner developed <unk> and Lohengrin , his ideas on opera increasingly diverged from <unk> standards
He explained everything from how
He took his time explaining the menu to me and
He asked, "didn't you
Not once did he apologize on behalf of his wait staff and my experience until I highlighted this fact
He won't go
I went for dinner with my boyfriend and ordered my usual peanut avocado stir fri and he ordered curry
Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?
7619	-LRB- director -RRB- O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
He's not as engaged as he
 The beings in ancient Egyptian tradition who might be labeled as deities are difficult to count . Egyptian texts list the names of many deities whose nature is unknown and make vague , indirect references to other gods who are not even named . The Egyptologist James P. Allen estimates that more than 1 @,@ 400 deities are named in Egyptian texts , whereas his colleague Christian <unk> says
 In the autumn of 1841 , after the birth of his brother Otto , Busch 's education was entrusted to the 35 @-@ year @-@ old clergyman Georg Kleine , his maternal uncle at Ebergötzen , this probably through lack of space in the Busch family home , and his father 's desire for a better education than the small local school could provide , where 100 children were taught within a space of 66 m2 ( 710 sq ft ) . The nearest convenient school was located in <unk> , 20 km ( 12 mi ) from Wiedensahl . Kleine , with his wife Fanny Petri , lived in a rectory at Ebergötzen , while Busch was lodged with an unrelated family . Kleine and his wife were responsible and caring , exercised a substitute parental role , and provided refuge for him in future unsuccessful times . 
Designed by British fashion designer Adrien Sauvage for the Modern Man (what about the rest of us?), the trousers use inductive charging to power a Nokia Lumia smartphone
 USS O 'Brien ( Destroyer No. 51 / DD @-@ 51 ) was laid down by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in September 1913 and launched in July 1914 . The ship was the second U.S. Navy vessel named in honor of Jeremiah O 'Brien and his five brothers , Gideon , John , William , Dennis , and
769	This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire
The gentleman plugged it in, took a quick look and said he could pop in a new brush
My friend found a hair in his
 Although most stories submitted to Super Science Stories were rejects from the better @-@ paying markets such as Astounding Science Fiction , Pohl recalled in his memoirs that John W. Campbell , the editor of Astounding , would occasionally pass on a good story by a prolific author because he felt readers did not want to see the same authors in every issue . As a result , Pohl was able to print L. Sprague de Camp 's <unk> <unk> , in the March 1941 Super Science Stories , and Robert Heinlein 's " Let There Be Light " and " Lost Legacy " in the
I'm not a beer guy so I cannot review that
It's $70+miles I keep his card
 Jordan played three seasons for coach Dean Smith at the University of North Carolina . He was a member of the Tar <unk> ' national championship team in 1982 . Jordan joined the NBA 's Chicago Bulls in 1984 as the third overall draft pick . He quickly emerged as a league star , entertaining crowds with his prolific scoring . His leaping ability , demonstrated by performing slam <unk> from the free throw line in slam dunk contests , earned him the nicknames " Air Jordan " and " His <unk> " . He also gained a reputation for being one of the best defensive players in basketball . In 1991 , he won his first NBA championship with the Bulls , and followed that achievement with titles in 1992 and 1993 , securing a " three @-@ peat " . Although Jordan abruptly retired from basketball before the beginning of the 1993 – 94 NBA season to pursue a career in baseball , he returned
But nevertheless he enjoyed it.
 The next paradigm shift came in 1910 when it was reorganized by <unk> <unk> , and subsequently performed for a number of audiences throughout Texas . After several restructuring efforts and directors , the organization laid down an official constitution during the 1937 @-@ 1938 school year . The Cadets entered the national spotlight when they performed at the 1939 Sugar Bowl game . After A & M professor J. J. <unk> became director in 1940 , the chorus was renamed the " Singing Cadets " following a naming contest . The Singing Cadets first full @-@ time director , Richard Jenkins , raised the organization 's profile though a series of tours throughout the American South . Under his
Ok guy that
 After he completed 12 of 13 passes , McElroy set a new single @-@ game Alabama record for completion percentage of 92 @.@ 3 percent to break the previous record he set against North Texas in 2009 . The game also marked the first time Alabama played on a Thursday night since defeating Southern Miss in 2001 , and the return of both former Alabama head coach Bill Curry as the Panthers ' head coach and quarterback Star Jackson who transferred to Georgia
It's always a lot of fun to take my Monstah there and scrub him down with the
We said "we'll try the Quesadilla", he said "the Nachos?"
When Reagan used his presidential veto to try to block the Anti-Apartheid Act's passage through Congress in September 1986, the House of
When you close the stall door to do your business, is there a picture of some crazed guy making grabbing
It reminded my husband so much of the little town barber where he
I trust this salon completely and cannot recommend Todd and his
 Anekāntavāda played a pivotal role in the growth as well as the survival of Jainism in ancient India , especially against <unk> from <unk> , <unk> , Buddhists , Muslims , and Christians at various times . According to Hermann Jacobi , Mahāvīra used such concepts as syādvāda and <unk> to silence some of his opponents . The discussions of the <unk> led by Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta had probably influenced many of their contemporaries and consequently syādvāda may have seemed to them a way out of <unk> . Jacobi further speculates that many of their followers would have gone over to Mahāvīra 's <unk> , convinced of the truth of the <unk> . According to Professor Christopher Key <unk> , anekāntavāda allowed Jains to survive during the most hostile and <unk> moments in history . According to John Koller , professor of Asian studies , anekāntavāda allowed Jain thinkers to maintain the validity of their doctrine , while at the same time <unk> criticizing the views of their opponents .
 Wheeler has been termed " the most famous British archaeologist of the twentieth century " by archaeologists Gabriel Moshenska and Tim Schadla @-@ Hall . Highlighting his key role in encouraging interest in archaeology throughout British society , they stated that his " mastery of public archaeology was founded on his keen eye for value and a <unk> 's willingness to package and sell
 The novel generated huge controversy in Latin America : some Venezuelan and Colombian politicians described its depiction of Bolívar as " <unk> " . According to Stavans , they accused García Márquez of " <unk> the larger @-@ than @-@ life reputation of a historical figure who , during the nineteenth century , struggled to unite the vast Hispanic world " . The novel 's publication provoked outrage from many Latin American politicians and intellectuals because its portrayal of the General is not the <unk> image long cherished by many . Mexico 's ambassador to Austria , Francisco <unk> <unk> , wrote a <unk> letter , which was widely publicized in Mexico City , <unk> to the portrayal of Bolívar . He stated : " The novel is plagued with errors of fact , conception , fairness , understanding of the historical moment and ignorance of its consequences ... It has served the enemies of Latin America , who care only that they can now <unk> Bolívar , and with him all of us . " Even the novel 's admirers , such as the leading Venezuelan diplomat and writer <unk> <unk> <unk> , worried that some facts were stretched . García Márquez believes , however , that Latin America has to discover the General 's labyrinth to recognize and deal with its own maze
He goes on
Dr. Boothe knows what level of pressure is needed and can easily exert this pressure yet can be gentle in areas that are sensitive; he has this mastered.
Thankfully (after many phone calls), they sent someone within 10 min (His name is Brandon and he was super
Can't get over how nice the delivery man was.
I saved $200 hiring Ron and his staff
 Prior to his senior year , Jeff Barker of The Baltimore Sun noted that Turner 's strengths were " poise , <unk> , [ and ] <unk> , " while he had room for improvement in arm strength and mobility . Barker said , " He 's a bit <unk> — he calls himself a ' rhythm ' passer … But he doesn 't quit when things go poorly . His coolness can be mistaken for apathy . " Turner typically <unk> himself to the pocket , as his ability to run the ball himself is limited by his speed . He has made light of his own lack
 Born and raised in England , McCall qualified to play for Scotland through his Scottish father . He won 40 international caps and scored one goal in the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy . He also played in two European Championships but his international career ended after he was left
He then used two different polishes when I asked for some shimmer on top of the opaque coat, and even suggested a better polish than the one I had originally brought
 In August 1560 , parliament assembled in Edinburgh and legislated that the Scottish church would be Protestant , the Pope would have no authority and that the Catholic mass was illegal . Scottish cathedrals now survived only if they were used as parish churches and as Elgin had been fully served by the Kirk of St Giles , its cathedral was abandoned . An act of parliament passed on 14 February 1567 authorised Regent Lord James Stewart 's Privy Council to order the removal of the lead from the roofs of both Elgin and Aberdeen cathedrals , to be sold for the upkeep of his army , but the <unk> ship that was intended to take the cargo to Holland capsized and sank in Aberdeen harbour . In 1615 , John Taylor , the ' Water Poet ' , described Elgin Cathedral as " a <unk> and beautiful church with three <unk> , the walls of it and the <unk> all yet standing ; but the <unk> , <unk> and many marble
Green beans were undercooked - I like 'em a little crunchy as much as the next guy but these were borderline raw.
He and others say the law will do little to address the vast scale of big
When he did, he was also very unapologetic and
Time says Trump is 'incorrect' after president says he rejected Person of the Year overture
Showed as 21.76 for the total but then brought us a different receipt after bringing out the extra fries that he admitted he forgot to put
He does this whenever he
He totally
 Reines sang in a chorus , and as a soloist . For a time he considered the possibility of a singing career , and was instructed by a vocal coach from the Metropolitan Opera who provided lessons for free because the family did not have the money for them . The family later moved to North Bergen , New Jersey , residing on Kennedy Boulevard and 57th Street . Because North Bergen did not have a high school , he attended Union Hill High School in Union Hill , New Jersey , from which he graduated
 Dylan 's late March 1965 album Bringing It All Back Home was another leap , featuring his first recordings with electric instruments . The first single , " <unk> <unk> Blues " , owed much to Chuck Berry 's " Too Much Monkey Business " ; its free association lyrics described as <unk> back to the energy of beat poetry and as a forerunner of rap and hip @-@ hop . The song was provided with
America's top lawman lied under oath. Can we seize his stuff?
 <unk> , <unk> , and Dead Sea <unk> scholar John Marco Allegro postulated that early Christian theology was derived from a fertility cult revolving around the <unk> consumption of A. muscaria in his 1970 book The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross , but his theory has found little support by scholars outside the field of <unk> . The book was <unk> discredited by academics and theologians , including Sir Godfrey Driver , <unk> Professor of Semitic <unk> at Oxford University , and Henry <unk> , the Dean of Christ Church , Oxford . Christian author John C. King wrote a detailed rebuttal of Allegro 's theory in the 1970 book A Christian View of the Mushroom Myth ; he notes that neither fly agarics nor their host trees are found in the Middle East , even though cedars and pines are found there , and highlights the tenuous nature of the links between biblical and <unk> names coined by Allegro . He concludes that if the theory was true , the use of the mushroom must have been " the best kept
 DuMont Laboratories was founded in 1931 by Dr. Allen B. DuMont with only $ 1 @,@ 000 , and a laboratory in his basement . He and his staff were responsible for many early technical innovations , including the first consumer all @-@ electronic television set in 1938 . The company 's television sets soon became the gold standard of the industry .
My son
When are food came it was overcooked and when we told the manager he
I did not order it bland, nor did he ask.
 Although the poem was defended by a few critics , E. C. <unk> returned to the argument that the poem lacked a structure and emphasized the word " forlorn " as evidence of his view . In his 1957 work , <unk> did praise the poem as he declared , " The Ode to a Nightingale has a special interest in that most of us would probably regard it as the most richly representative of all Keats ’ s poems . Two reasons for this quality are immediately apparent : there is its <unk> evocation of that late spring and early summer season [ … ] and there is its exceptional degree of ' distillation ' , of concentrated recollection " . David Perkins felt the need to defend the use of the word " forlorn " and claimed that it described the feeling from the impossibility of not being able to live in the world of the imagination . When praising the poem in 1959 , Perkins claimed , " Although the " Ode to a Nightingale " ranges more widely than the " Ode on a Grecian Urn , " the poem can also be regarded as the exploration or testing out of a symbol , and , compared with the urn as a symbol , the nightingale would seem to have both limitations and advantages . " Walter Jackson Bate also made a similar defense of the word " forlorn " by claiming that the world described by describing the impossibility of reaching that land . When describing the poem compared to the rest of English poetry , Bate argued in 1963 , " Ode to a Nightingale " is among " the greatest lyrics in
He can say 'stand on your head in
 On Christmas morning , everybody wakes up to find no presents under their trees . They turn on the news , which is broadcasting the same story . Brian and Stewie appear on the broadcast and bring the dying Santa out in a wheelchair , explaining that humanity 's <unk> is killing him and if they don 't shorten their demands to one Christmas present a year , they may have to give up Christmas altogether . <unk> , everyone agrees and , one year
He talks in circles and never explains your
Honestly more than that but that's another story...Anyway our dog was in the care of my father in law that entire time who promised he was brushing him 4-5 times a week and
 Both articles address the issue of who the killer could alternatively have been , and both of them mention Carol 's other lovers , and John <unk> , responsible for murdering Carol 's sister . Both of the articles mention that he was in the Barrow area around the time of the murder , but both of them are careful to point out that they are not accusing him of being
 Rafael Trujillo , known also as The Goat , The Chief , and The <unk> , is a fictionalized character based on the real dictator of the Dominican Republic from 1930 to 1961 and the official President of the Republic from 1930 to 1938 and 1943 to 1952 . In The Feast of the Goat , Vargas Llosa imagines the innermost thoughts of the dictator , and retells The Goat 's last hours from his own perspective . Trujillo 's character struggles with aging and the physical problems of <unk> and impotence . Through fictional events and first person narrative , the reader is given insight into the man who , during his " thirty @-@ one years of <unk> political crimes " , modernized the country 's infrastructure and military , but whose regime 's attacks against its enemies overseas ( particularly the attempted assassination of <unk> <unk> , president of Venezuela ) led to the imposition of economic sanctions on the Dominican Republic by the Organization of American States in the 1950s . The resultant economic downturn , in
 Andrew <unk> and his colleagues in 2014 published a description of a new neoceratopsian , Aquilops americanus , through the peer @-@ reviewed science journal <unk> <unk> . They analysed their taxa as well as most other primitive ceratopsians to
Oh boy how good i feel!
The tragedy happened shortly after the actor and his comedy partner, Greg Hemphill, revealed plans for a series of live shows at the Hydro arena in
 The case was reported to be difficult for the prosecution , with the time between the murder and the trial making it extremely difficult to track potential witnesses . Keith <unk> , a police officer involved in the case , said that " the other difficulty was of course the body was taken away from the place where it was killed . " However , on top of the difficulties outlined by the police , the <unk> website detailed a number of what Park 's supporters claim are holes in the evidence used to convict him . A story about the problems with the evidence was published in the Daily Mail on October 12 , 2005 , at the request of Jeremy , though it was not written by
 The episode was written by series co @-@ creator Michael Schur and directed by Ken <unk> . " Galentine 's Day " featured a guest appearance by John Larroquette as Frank Beckerson , the long @-@
 Madero and his supporters had the right
 However , in Berlin Meyerbeer faced many problems , including the enmity of the jealous <unk> <unk> , who since 1820 had been Court Kapellmeister and director of the Berlin <unk> . <unk> were made in the Berlin press about the delay of the Berlin premiere of Robert le diable ( which finally took place in June 1832 ) , and Meyerbeer 's music was decried by the critic and poet Ludwig Rellstab . There was no sign of the German opera expected from Meyerbeer . Moreover , reactionary censorship laws prevented production of Les Huguenots in Berlin , ( and indeed in many other cities of Germany ) . Nevertheless , Meyerbeer , who ( as he wrote to a friend ) ' years ago ... <unk> to myself never to respond personally to attacks on my work , and never under any circumstances to cause or respond to personal <unk> ' , refused to
 The song received acclaim from music critics . Rob Sheffield , in his review of the album for Rolling Stone magazine , said : that " [ guitarist ] Buckland shines in excellent psychedelic rockers such as ... ' Clocks . ' " David <unk> of The Daily Telegraph said that " Clocks " features
6727	Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
Every one of his
It was as if everything was frozen for Walt Disney's first meal after being brought back to life from his cryogenic sleep.
 When Hornung had still been courting Doyle 's sister , Doyle wrote that " I like young Willie Hornung very much ... he is one of the sweetest @-@ natured and most delicate @-@ minded men I ever knew " . <unk> him after his death , Doyle wrote that he " was a Dr. [ Samuel ] Johnson without the learning but with a finer wit . No one could say a <unk> thing , and his writings , good as they are , never adequately represented the powers of the man , nor
Then we waited another 10 minutes before he took our
 August Brown of the Los Angeles Times gave the song a negative review , commenting that " Kendrick Lamar somehow packs more personality into a <unk> hook on ' Forbidden Fruit ' than Cole gets in the song " . Phillip <unk> of Spin felt that " [ the song 's ] quirky bass line and warm @-@ keys motif are so recognizable that it 's a brow @-@ <unk> challenge to hear anything other than Q @-@ <unk> and <unk> 's original vocals in the space between the beat and the new raps . " <unk> further stated that " Cole himself ( along with Kendrick Lamar 's guest spot ) ends up <unk> entirely — he 's upstaged by <unk> artists who aren 't even there . " <unk> , Ali <unk> Muhammad of A Tribe Called Quest expressed his appreciation for Cole 's production : " [ He ] didn 't like try to do what was already done . [ He ] brought other parts to the sample that you caught that
I am not going to worry about how he was treated.
 The Commissioner of <unk> suggested that Kesteven County Council could support the teaching of art , modern languages and technical and scientific subjects through the Local <unk> Act 1890 . In 1895 the governors agreed to affiliate with the Council , which granted them £ 35 . The headmaster , Samuel Brown , appointed an assistant master and his wife was employed to teach art . The numbers rose so that in 1897 there were 33 pupils on roll , and the Committee granted a further £ 400 to pay for new accommodation and resources . The Governors , however , applied for £ 1 @,@ 500 to build a
Asked if he regularly made donations
Usually I get pretty lucky with the green eggs and ham- and I don't think my husband has had a burger here he doesn't like... But- sometimes
Walter Ohm, director military support for the German military in north of Afghanistan, said his country had so far received 520 applications for special immigration visas from its former Afghan employees -- including 180 in the past two
 Composer Kenji Kawai scored the film . For the main theme , Kawai tried to imagine the setting and convey the essence of that world in the music . He used the ancient Japanese language of Yamato in the opening theme " Making of a <unk> " . The composition is a mixture of Bulgarian harmony and traditional Japanese notes ; the haunting <unk> are a wedding song sung to <unk> all evil influences
He understands my need to purchase the home and balances it with
As far as the committee is concerned we have been following this issue for a number of years, from the time of the riots, we conducted our own inquiry into these matters, he
 Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler CH , <unk> , MC , <unk> , <unk> , FRS , <unk> ( 10 September 1890 – 22 July 1976 ) was a British archaeologist and officer in the British Army . Over the course of his career , he served as Director of both the National Museum of Wales and London Museum , Director @-@ General of the Archaeological Survey of India , and the founder and Honorary Director of the Institute of Archaeology in London , further writing twenty @-@ four books on archaeological subjects . 
Initially, on our very first coversation, he
The experience all together was crappy but our server put the cherry on top when he took the bill and never returned with
This place got such great reviews on Yelp so my son and
So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party.
 Hellblazer ( also known as John Constantine , Hellblazer
 The government of the diocese affecting both clergy and laity was vested entirely in the bishop , who appointed officers to the ecclesiastical , criminal and civil courts . The bishop , assisted by his chapter , produced the church laws and regulations for the bishopric and these were enforced at occasional diocesan <unk> by the bishop or , in his absence , by the dean . Appointed officials <unk> at <unk> courts looking at matters affecting <unk> , marriages , divorces , widows , orphans , wills and other related legal matters . In Moray , these courts were held in Elgin and Inverness . By <unk> the Bishop of Moray held all his lands in one <unk> and had Courts of <unk> presided over by <unk> and <unk> to ensure the payment of revenues from his estates . 
The guy working the register had a great smile and was genuinely happy I
FYI, AFTER final payment with my credit card, on site, (with an email receipt to follow), I told Mark how appreciative I was of his service.
5520	For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating
This is the only place where he will
While I love red bean fishies, I think my friend would have preferred chocolate as he said
My uncle is a local and he goes here a lot.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped
 Because Tech committed a 15 @-@ yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty following the touchdown , NC State was able to acquire good field position during the kickoff return , starting their drive at their 44 @-@ yard line . On the second play of the drive , Erik Kramer completed an 18 @-@ yard pass to Nasrallah Worthen , driving State into the Tech side of the field . After a short play , Kramer again completed a long pass , this time to Bobby <unk> for 24 yards . Now inside the Tech red zone , Kramer was tackled for a big loss , losing some of the yardage that he had gained with the previous play . NC State was unable to pick up another first down and sent in Mike Cofer to attempt a 33 @-@ yard kick , which was successfully completed . The field goal regained
 New manager Jack Barker lasted just eight months until he was replaced by former Leeds United player Jack Milburn upon the resumption of league football in 1946 . Milburn led City to fifth position in his first season but only lasted another season himself . With only one team promoted from Division Three ( North ) each season , City remained at that level until they were placed in Division Three in 1958
I had Brett and his team at Nulawn
The manager was very nice and he fit well
I have been to this place many times with my son (4 years old) Very friendly staff &
Very very happy with Dr Sabatino and his office.
Oh...  Oh my God. He remembered.
 Baltimore had become disenchanted with conditions in " this <unk> country " , and he wrote to his old acquaintances in England lamenting his troubles . The final blow to his hopes was dealt by the Newfoundland winter of 1628 – 9 , which did not release its grip until May . Like others before them , the residents of Avalon suffered terribly from the cold and from <unk> . Nine or ten of Baltimore 's company died that winter , and with half the settlers ill at one time , his house had to be turned into a hospital . The sea froze over , and nothing would grow before May . " Tis not <unk> <unk> " , Baltimore wrote to Wentworth . He confessed to the king : " I
I told him the same thing "I'll think about it maybe come back tomorrow" it was so clear that he was working on commission.
My husband and I have brought our son to see both a Pediatric Urologist and
When I asked how he learned so much about dog food he
8489	If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just
Favorite so far would be the Crazy Boy
Then the male employee said he was going to lunch after he finished with a client and would  it help me either.
 Popular was uncertain of the sales potential for the two new titles and decided to publish them under its Fictioneers imprint , which was used for lower @-@ paying magazines . Super Science Stories ' first issue was dated March 1940 ; it was bimonthly , with Astonishing Stories appearing in the alternate months . In Pohl 's memoirs he recalls Harry Steeger , one of the company owners , breaking down
 Finn Hudson ( Cory Monteith ) is exhausted by his extra @-@ curricular activities , so Terri gives him pseudoephedrine tablets , which Finn shares with the rest of the males in the glee club . The effects of the tablets enhance their performance , and they give an energetic mash @-@ up of " It 's My Life and " Confessions Part II " . When Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ) tells the girls the secret behind the boys ' performance , they , too , request the tablets from Terri , and give a high @-@ spirited mash @-@ up of " Halo " and " Walking On Sunshine " . Finn and Rachel Berry ( Lea Michele ) feel guilty for cheating , however , and agree to <unk> the competition . When Principal Figgins ( <unk> Theba ) learns what has happened , he fires Terri and , angry with Will , appoints Sue as co @-@ director of the glee club .
Guy showed up the first day by himself and 3.5 hours late without any idea of the job he was
They even sent my son a card in the mail afterwards with a sweet note in it and some fun stickers.
"Donald Trump suggests Russia, FBI and Democrats colluded to pay for dossier on his Kremlin links - but provides no
 Federer 's first and only title of 2013 came at the Gerry Weber Open ( <unk> . Mikhail <unk> ) , where he also played doubles with good friend Tommy Haas . With the victory in Halle , he tied John McEnroe for the third @-@ most number of ATP titles won by a male player in the Open Era . Federer , however , was unable to maintain his
When he went to grab the money he also grabbed a sex toy that was left behind by the last guest that stayed in the room, I would post a picture but I feel it
6710	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
Adegbile's fate was sealed, he said, when a number of people saw the vote not going in a certain
Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. 
Man dies after charging his iPhone
I'm pretty sure this is what is happening when Dr. Boothe does his soft
The 12-year-old son of the actor Ford Kiernan, one
I have texted this man at random times and he so promptly
Last time he
680	As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian
 Ric Flair and Mr. Perfect continued their feud , although Flair legitimately requested to be released from his WWF contract in order to return to World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) . His request was granted on the condition that he help build up Perfect as a credible <unk> . The two men attacked each other during the battle royal at Royal Rumble 1993 , and Perfect eliminated Flair from the match . The following night , Perfect defeated Flair in a loser leaves town match . Flair did not return to the WWF until McMahon purchased WCW
He was 94
My son ordered the kids ribs, they were received cold and dry.
 A school was built in Vietnam in memory of Pryce . His colleagues raised enough money to have the school built to leave a lasting legacy in his honour . The primary school opened in 2007 . Its cost was met
 The painting is composed in monochrome , muted colours ; predominately blacks , greys and <unk> . The exceptions are the whites of his collar and sleeves , the reds in the cushion and the light reflecting on the leather of the arm @-@ chair . In 19th @-@ century art , vivid colour was associated with femininity and emotion ; male portraiture tended towards muted shades and monochrome . Bertin leans slightly forward , boldly staring at the viewer in a manner that is both imposing and paternal . He seems engaged , and poised to speak , his body fully towards the viewer and his expression etched with certainty . <unk> by Nicolas <unk> 's 1650 Self @-@ Portrait with <unk> of Painting , Ingres <unk> details the veins and <unk> of his face . Bertin is
 Set in the 22nd century , the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise , registration NX @-@ 01 . In this episode , the Vulcan government seek to make the Enterprise leave orbit so they can attack a renegade faction of Vulcans , and afterwards the long @-@ standing enemy of the Vulcans , the <unk> . Meanwhile , Captain Jonathan Archer and Commander T 'Pol have been captured by the Syrrannites , and it is discovered that Archer has the katra of Surak . He has visions which lead him to find an ancient Vulcan <unk> called the
4471	Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience
 Meanwhile , Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) " investigates " Oscar Martinez 's ( Oscar Nunez ) claimed sick day from work , learning that the co @-@ worker is actually taking time off to ice @-@ skate . Dwight blackmails Oscar , threatening to reveal his unauthorized leave @-@ taking . He then cuts a deal for Oscar to owe him a favor , and watches a movie with Oscar and Oscar 's " roommate " Gil ( Tom W. Chick ) while completely failing to recognize evidence of Oscar 's homosexuality .
Accidentally spilt soda on bosses macbook he is back
Because of that, he charged me the low end of his
He was really friendly, I wish I could remember his name.
The waiter went as far as cleaning off the table every single time he took a plate or brought a
 Kieswetter 's performances in the 2009 season led to his inclusion in the England Performance Programme squad in November and December of that year , and he was part of the England Lions squad which toured the United Arab Emirates in early 2010 , along with Somerset team @-@ mate Peter Trego . His full England debut came shortly after in Bangladesh . Additionally , two of Somerset 's young players , Jos Buttler and <unk> <unk> played for England Under @-@ <unk> during the English
My dogs nails seem to grow an inch a day and he will fight to not have them trimmed.
The first couple of time he helped
 <unk> Kaufmann and True 's work , the Norwegian @-@ born , naturalized American sculptor <unk> <unk> Hansen designed many of the sculptures on and around the dam . His works include the monument of dedication plaza , a plaque to <unk> the workers killed and the bas @-@ reliefs on the elevator towers . In his words , Hansen wanted his work to express " the immutable calm of intellectual resolution , and the enormous power of trained physical strength , equally enthroned in placid triumph of scientific accomplishment " , because " [ t ] he building of Hoover Dam belongs to the <unk>
Instead covered in olives which he hates.
Generally, however, Vatican-watchers saw huge potential in the meeting between the president, who has focused often on poverty, and the pope, who publicly pined upon his election for a church that
Schumer sends McConnell back his own 2009 letter
You've got to learn to paint!' he recalls with
 The first biography on Busch , <unk> Wilhelm Busch und <unk> <unk> ( About Wilhelm Busch and His Importance ) , was released in 1886 . The publisher Eduard <unk> , also an artist and writer , echoed Busch 's anti @-@ Catholic bias , putting him on equal footing with Leonardo da Vinci , Peter Paul Rubens and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz , and <unk> quoting <unk> . Even Busch and his friends were embarrassed . Literary scholar Friedrich Theodor <unk> attacked <unk> 's biography and called him the " envious <unk> of the <unk> <unk> " . After reading this biography Johannes <unk> posted an
The new owner is very lucky to have Randy as his service writer.
Ben H is one giving a review on a business he
10135	Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless
 After defeating Wayne <unk> in 57 seconds on 21 June 2008 , Woodhouse stated his intention to retire from football at the end of the 2008 – 09 season , to concentrate on his boxing career . He was later appointed as team captain for his final season at the club . Woodhouse scored a decisive penalty in Rushden 's opening game of the 2008 – 09 season , away on 9 August , against newly promoted <unk> Borough . He was sent off again in the home game against <unk> on 25 August , after receiving two yellow cards . In his eighth boxing match , Woodhouse defeated Jimmy <unk> on points on 20 September . He then proceeded to defeat Peter Dunn on 30 November , stopping him 23 seconds in the sixth and final round at <unk> 's <unk> Hotel , Rotherham
6265	If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting
8524	If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son ,
I tasted it and sure enough noticed exactly what he was
I have dealt with a few of the other service advisers and they're generally helpful as well; EJ goes the extra mile when he has to,
9556	It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
What was not to be expected was a man
 From a historical perspective , the first written mention of Eshmun goes back to 754 BC , the date of the signing of the treaty between Assyrian king <unk> @-@ <unk> V and <unk> <unk> , king of <unk> ;
For as long as I could remember, my father had been
Rodney was not only consistent with what I read about choosing a bed for a child but he was also great about not being pushy.
 Irish writer Garth Ennis then took over the title in 1991 , again from 2000 AD , where he had been working on Judge <unk> . He proceeded to write the longest run for any writer on the title . His take on the title was more personal than Jamie Delano 's , with John 's relationships coming to the fore . It also had a strong religious theme , with John 's dealings with the First of the Fallen , and some storylines , such as the relationship between an angel , <unk> , and a <unk> demon , Ellie , would go on to be used again as a major plot device in Preacher , one of his most popular works . He also references the music of The <unk> and the poetry of Brendan <unk> , both of these being
Karima El Mahroug, the Moroccan-born erotic dancer whom he was accused of
 On the breeding grounds , the male corn crake 's advertising call is a loud , repetitive , grating krek krek normally delivered from a low perch with the bird 's head and neck almost vertical and its bill wide open . The call can be heard from 1 @.@ 5 km ( 0 @.@ 93 mi ) away , and serves to establish the breeding territory , attract females , and challenge <unk> males . <unk> differences in <unk> mean that individual males can be distinguished by their calls . Early in the season , the call is given almost continuously at night , and often during the day , too . It may be repeated more than 20 @,@ 000 times a night , with a peak between midnight and 3 am . The call has evolved to make a singing male 's location clear , as this species hides in vegetation . The frequency of calling reduces after a few weeks but may intensify again near the
Wow. Husker and son pose
 <unk> by the French , Rhodesian and South African governments and with Rhodesian logistical assistance , forces led by Denard took part in a coup d 'état in the Comoros later in May , toppling Ali <unk> ( who Denard had himself put into power three years earlier ) . The Comoros subsequently became a key location for Rhodesian " <unk> @-@ <unk> " operations , providing a convenient end @-@ user certificate for clandestine shipments of weapons and equipment
 Together with Richardson and Gielgud , Olivier was internationally recognised as one of the " great <unk> of theatrical knights " who dominated the British stage during the middle and later decades of the 20th century . In an obituary tribute in The Times , Bernard Levin wrote , " What we have lost with Laurence Olivier is glory . He reflected it in his greatest roles ; indeed he walked clad in it — you could practically see it glowing around him like a <unk> . ... no one will ever play the roles
I thought it was fine I had my puppy tied up in patio , he was pocket size clearly would do no harm.
 The game was necessary after both teams finished the season with identical win – loss records of 89 – 73 . The Cubs won a coin flip late in the season which , by rule at the time , awarded them home field for the game . This victory advanced the Cubs to the 1998 NL Division Series ( NLDS ) where they were swept by the Atlanta Braves , ending the Cubs ' season . Michael Jordan , a popular Chicago <unk> then ending his career with the Chicago Bulls ,
 Golf is very popular and golf tourism is a major industry attracting more than 240 @,@ 000 <unk> visitors annually . The 2006 Ryder Cup was held at The K Club in County Kildare . <unk> Harrington became the first <unk> since Fred Daly in 1947 to win the British Open at <unk> in July 2007 . He successfully defended his title in July 2008 before going on to win the <unk> Championship in August . Harrington became the first European to win the <unk> Championship in 78 years and was the first winner from Ireland . Three <unk> from Northern Ireland have been particularly successful . In 2010 , Graeme <unk> became the first Irish golfer to win the U.S. Open , and the first European to win that tournament since 1970 . Rory <unk> , at the age of 22 , won the 2011 U.S. Open , while Darren Clarke 's latest victory was the 2011 Open Championship at Royal St. George 's . In August 2012 , <unk> won his 2nd major championship by winning the <unk> Championship
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to
 In contrast to the previous analysis , You and Dodson find Chaoyangsaurus to be the most basal neoceratopsian , more derived than Psittacosaurus , while Leptoceratopsidae , not Protoceratopsidae , is recovered as the sister group of Ceratopsidae . This study includes Auroraceratops , but lacks seven taxa found in Xu and Makovicky 's work , so it is unclear how comparable the two studies are . Asiaceratops and Turanoceratops are each considered nomina dubia and not included . Along with <unk> <unk> , You described Magnirostris in 2003 , but to date has not included it in any of his cladograms
After Dudley crossed home, he mimicked a swing and walked toward a security guard, willing to turn himself in.
 Liu Kang returns in Mortal Kombat X. In the game 's Story Mode , he was resurrected by Quan Chi and now serves him as one of the <unk> until Sub @-@ Zero , <unk> and Jax are revived . He fights both Jax and Raiden in Story Mode , which he blames Raiden for his death . At the end of the story mode , he and Kitana become the new rulers of the <unk> due to Quan Chi 's death and Shinnok 's
I told them what I was looking for (a full size med ball without handles) and he immediately knew
9397	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special
 Jordan 's marked talent was clear from his rookie season . In his first game in Madison Square Garden against the New York Knicks , Jordan received a prolonged standing ovation , a rarity for an opposing player . After Jordan scored a playoff record 63 points against the Boston Celtics on April 20 , 1986 , Celtics star Larry Bird described him as
 Michael Jeffrey Jordan ( born February 17 , 1963 ) , also known by his
He was extremely
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he
We came thinking it was Kabuki and boy was I surprised when I walked in and there was Ryan, my favorite Sushi Chef
He is the guy you want as your
 In a summary of Edward Hood 's book La <unk> de Gabriel García Márquez : <unk> e <unk> , García Márquez is characterized as an author who uses repetition and <unk> ( <unk> between the works of a single author ) extensively in his fiction , including in The General in His Labyrinth . Hood points out some obvious examples of repetition in García Márquez 's works : the themes of solitude in
In the middle of my meal, I realized I didn't get a receipt so I called back & the manager was willing to drop it off on his way
He was constantly checking in on me and making sure I understood the process and his strategy.
After the Clinton event, his campaign committee was back in
Some guy even bought a huge
 The " Road to " episodes which have aired throughout various seasons of Family Guy were inspired by the Road to ... comedy films starring Bing Crosby , Bob Hope
We will see what the army wants, he said, warning that the undemocratic removal of the country's caretaker government will never solve
 The poem centres on humanity and human nature . When the poet sees the figures , he wants to know their names and laments his ignorance . Eventually , he realizes that they are representative of Love , Ambition , and Poetry . While he longs , he fears they are out of reach and therefore tries to reject them . He argues that love is what he needs least and dismisses it by questioning what " love " actually means ( " What is Love ? and where is it ? " ) . He rejects ambition , but it requires more work ( " And for that poor Ambition — it springs / From a man 's little heart 's short fever @-@ fit ; " ) . Unlike the personas of Love and Ambition , the narrator is unable to find a reason to <unk> Poesy ( Poetry ) , which reflects the poets ' inner conflict : should he abandon
 On February 26 , 1957 , Wilhelm was traded by the Giants to the St. Louis Cardinals for <unk> <unk> . At the time of the trade , St. Louis manager Fred Hutchinson described Wilhelm as the type of pitcher who " makes us a definite pennant threat ... He 'll help us where we need help the most . " In 40 games with the Cardinals that season , he earned 11 saves but finished with a 1 – 4 record and his highest ERA to that point in his career ( 4 @.@ 25 ) . The Cardinals placed him on waivers in September and he was claimed by the Cleveland Indians , who used him in two games that
our units months before and the guy told me that we needed a lot of coolant so we scheduled him to come back out and do it but he never showed.
Look, Rachel, if you go, youre just gonna mess with his
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
 By the end of April , Hamels led the Phillies in most pitching categories , including wins ( 3 ) , ERA ( 2 @.@ 70 ) , and innings pitched ( 43 ⅓ ) . Continuing his dominance into May , Hamels recorded his first career complete game shutout against the Atlanta Braves on the 15th of that month . By June , Myers had been demoted to the minor leagues due to his <unk> , leaving Hamels alone atop the rotation . Hamels was
[19/m] dating a [19/m] I'm dating someone who is manipulating me whenever things don't go his
 It is Day 8 , September 29 , 2004 , and Charlie is suffering from heroin withdrawal since he voluntarily gave his heroin to John Locke ( Terry O <unk> ) in the previous episode . After finding him , Charlie asks Locke for
A few minutes later he came back out with my
I even received text updates as to his arrival and assessment for
 Filming of You Only Live Twice lasted from July 1966 to March 1967 . The film was shot primarily in Japan . <unk> Castle in <unk> was depicted as Tanaka 's ninja training camp . His private transportation hub was filmed at the Tokyo Metro 's Nakano @-@ <unk> Station . As of 2011 , many of the fixtures
 Srihari as Sher Khan and Solomon . Sher Khan is a Muslim emperor who invades Udayghad . He realises Bhairava 's potential just before his death but fails to save him . His reincarnation , Solomon , is a fisherman who is a native to <unk> . He helps Harsha to reunite with Indu , and plays a vital role in Raghuveer 's death
He drove up to us and said "You're in violation of the rules, do you know which rule?"
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and
John Lilly and Gary Kovacs, both former CEO's of Mozilla,
Just to be clear, the bad review isn't for employee himself
I thanked him but, having read the earlier reviews, I knew they contained meat and told him that, because I was a vegetarian, only my friend would be able to accept his kind offer.
He said they were very moist
I told him that the
Most have been built since President Evo Morales, the country's first indigenous leader and himself an Aymara,
 Fearing that Darvin may be attempting to assassinate Kirk , the crew dress in period uniforms and investigate the Enterprise . They attempt to interact with history as little as possible whilst investigating Darvin . The crew does not initially recognize the Klingons of the time period , and when Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is asked about the difference in appearance , he replies that the matter is not
 Following the admission of Wisconsin as a state in 1848 , the Minnesota area was temporarily without a government , though John <unk> , the former secretary of the Wisconsin Territory , claimed governorship of what remained of
 Moreover , symmetrical positions may be <unk> to White in that he has to commit himself first . Watson notes that it is even difficult for White to play <unk> in a symmetrical position , since almost every move has certain drawbacks . Fischer once went so far as to claim that after <unk> Nf6 <unk> g6 <unk> Bg7 4
He was the only apparent server so I was trying to cut him slack (I work in the restaurant biz), but if you
 Construction of the fort began in 1878 . It was officially opened in October 1880 and completed by 1882 . Due to changes in the Port River and shipping movements , Fort Largs surpassed it for strategic importance by 1890 . By the close of the 19th century , the fort was largely unused and had no defence significance . It was briefly used for military purposes during World War I and World War II , though not for its original defensive role . For much of the 20th century the area was put to a variety of uses including accommodation , a caravan park and a boy scout <unk> . After coming into state government hands in 1951 it was declared as a conservation park and is now managed by the Department of Environment , Water and Natural Resources ( DEWNR ) ; preserving and showcasing its historic value . The fort and surrounds occupy the northern half of the 5 @-@ hectare ( 12 @-@ acre ) conservation park , the southern half is a caravan park . The fort is a lunette shaped defensible battery that was supported by land forces for self @-@ defence . When constructed it was seen as state of the art , incorporating powerful and modern weapons . Its main armament
 The <unk> Marine Division began operating in Vietnam when on March 6 , 1965 , they opened a Marine <unk> at the Da <unk> Air Base . On July 4 , 1965 , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines were ordered to Vietnam from Okinawa . 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines fought battles in or around <unk> , <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Camp Carroll , Cam <unk> , Con <unk> , Than Cam Son ,
I got the chilaquiles verdes and my dad got a cocktail 7 mares which he said he wished there was more than just 4 shrimps but it was good.
This guy is one of the best business men
I did however ask him to visit his kitchen and investigate
 Reviewing the film , The Hindu wrote : " An out and out action flick , one can see the director 's thirst to cash in on the audience craze for such films . Nevertheless it 's Mahesh Babu 's show all the way . " Regarding Mahesh 's performance in the film , <unk> <unk> <unk> of The Hindu wrote : " Mahesh 's understated performance in Pokiri allows him to <unk> reclaim the title of a star , <unk> more questionable recent career choices " . Sify stated that Pokiri was designed as a : " mass masala <unk> which <unk> the <unk> viewers " . The reviewer added that Mahesh 's
First the cashier doesn't know how to type them into the register, asks another guy and he tells me they usually do it
My husband ordered the Montreal Stack and they brought him
Lisa did apologize and tell me that was sorry he
he had no idea how to read a crowd, his music transitions were horrible (abrupt switching) and just generally sounded like a high school kid
He gives explanation for the
He even gave
He also won a Grammy
8914	Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left are John Leguizamo 's cool
My boyfriend and I were so excited for this restaurant to open because it's so close to his house!
 <unk> <unk> , deputy secretary of Xinjiang <unk> <unk> Committee of the Communist Party , led a working team to Shaoguan on 27 June . Zhou <unk> , Politburo Standing Committee member responsible for security , reportedly visited Shaoguan in early September 2009 . On 5 August , Xinhua reported that Chinese police had arrested <unk> <unk> , a chef at an Arabic restaurant in <unk> who they claimed confessed to being an agent for the World <unk> Congress ( <unk> ) and who allegedly spread rumours that were later used as a pretext to trigger the Ürümqi riots of 5 July . Xinhua alleged that he had fabricated a report that " the factory brawl had caused the death of 17 to 18 people , including three females , " which he sent in an e @-@ mail to <unk>
The delivery guy was very apologetic for the mishap
I enjoyed my visit with him and he took care of
 In 1834 Alkan began his friendship with the Spanish musician Santiago Masarnau , which was to result in an extended and often intimate correspondence which only came to light in 2009 . Like virtually all of Alkan 's correspondence , this exchange is now one @-@ sided ; all of his papers ( including his manuscripts and his extensive library ) were either destroyed by Alkan himself , as is clear from his will , or became lost after his death . Later in 1834 Alkan made a visit to England , where he gave recitals and where the second Concerto da camera was performed in Bath by its <unk> Henry <unk> Field ; it was published in London together with some solo piano pieces . A letter to Masarnau and a notice in a French journal that Alkan played in London with Moscheles and Cramer , indicate that he returned to England in 1835 . Later that year , Alkan , having found a place of retreat at <unk> outside Paris , completed his first truly original works for solo piano , the Twelve Caprices , published in 1837 as <unk> . 12 , 13 , 15 and 16 . Op. 16 , the Trois <unk> de <unk> , is dedicated to Masarnau . In January 1836 , Liszt recommended Alkan for the
He does a lot of driving and knows
 In the opening two races , Massa came under fire from the press for two errors that left him without points : a collision with Red Bull driver David Coulthard in Australia and his spin at Malaysia . Massa promised that the first two races would not be indicative of the rest of the season : " It was not the start to the season that I wanted , but there are still 16 races
 GameSpy 's Bernard <unk> wrote that the game failed to live up to the Jane 's Combat <unk> pedigree , and he believed that those who enjoyed " the realism of Il @-@ 2 Sturmovik will be disappointed . " He disliked its " relaxed flight models " and lack of features , and he cited a large number of glitches . However , <unk> found its damage system " robust " and he believed that the game
I talked to the owner about it, and he
A case in the same decade saw 19-year-old Paul Garland expelled from the Boy Scouts for his membership of the Young Communist
When we called the front desk and it took four phone calls and an hour and half wait time for he
 The album 's polka medley , the titular " Polka Party ! " , was recorded on the same day as " Here 's Johnny " . This was Yankovic 's third polka medley , and his only medley to bear the same name as an album . Like his other <unk> ,
 The Wilhelm Busch Prize is awarded annually for satirical and humorous poetry . The Wilhelm Busch Society , active since 1930 , aims to " ( ... ) collect , scientifically revise and promote Wilhelm Busch 's works with the public " . It supports the development of caricature and satirical artwork as a recognized branch of the visual arts . It is an advocate of the Wilhelm Busch Museum . <unk> are located in places he lived , including Wiedensahl , Ebergötzen , Lüthorst , Mechtshausen and
5021	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
Jeff Sessions personally asked Congress to let him prosecute medical marijuana providers
Owner is a super nice guy and always out with a
first off i called and the guy barley spoke any english then i had ordered a pizza and had decided to cancel so 2 minutes later i called and canceled but they still charged my credit card so i called and ask for a refund and they pretty much told me too bad so beware
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right
Having learned he had the wrong table, the lad just took them back
The hot dishes were lukewarm and tasted like a 12 year old skater boy carelessly threw some canned ingredients together mixed in
White House walks back promise about Trump donating his ‘personal money’ to
We of course let him know the service was great!
He definitely made our
Dad doggo checks up on his
Oh my God. He
I kept asking did he have their information and he
9504	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the
 One of the astronomers selected for the search was Giuseppe Piazzi , a Catholic priest at the Academy of Palermo , Sicily . Before receiving his invitation to join the group , Piazzi discovered Ceres on 1 January 1801 . He was searching for " the 87th [ star ] of the <unk> of the <unk> stars of Mr la <unk> " , but found that " it was preceded by another " . Instead of a star , Piazzi had found a moving star @-@ like object , which he first thought was a comet . Piazzi observed Ceres a total of 24 times , the final time on 11 February 1801 , when illness
My dad ordered one of
 Other notable writers of the early 13th century were <unk> , author of <unk> and <unk> <unk> ( 1200 ) , the latter bearing on morals and <unk> , and written addressing the soul ; <unk> Kavi <unk> , the author of the <unk> fort inscription who claimed to be " master of four languages " ; <unk> , the author of an extinct commentary on the Jain theological work <unk> <unk> @-@ <unk> ( 1209 ) for which there are references , and the available commentary called <unk> giving a complete explanation of Sanskrit and <unk> authoritative citations ; <unk> , who wrote <unk> ; <unk> , author of <unk> <unk> <unk> , and Sisumayana , who introduced a new form of composition called sangatya in <unk> . He wrote an allegorical poem called <unk> ( " Burning of the triple fortress " ) and <unk> . The latter work was inspired by <unk> 's Sanskrit <unk> charitra . <unk> , a Veerashaiva scholar , wrote a <unk> of <unk> , the ruler of <unk> , and called it <unk> ( or <unk> , <unk> ) . Other Jain writers were <unk> Pandita , author of <unk> , and <unk> II , the author of the story of the ninth Jain tirthankar <unk> called <unk> <unk> ( both were patronised by the <unk> kings of <unk> ) . <unk> <unk> , a commander , minister , and the builder of the <unk> temple in <unk> , wrote <unk> in 1224 . He was patronised by King Veera Ballala II and his successor , King Vira Narasimha II . <unk> Somanatha authored a book on morals called <unk> . 
 Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton County and houses county offices , courts , and the county library . Three elected commissioners serving four @-@ year terms manage the county government . Robert " Pete " <unk> , chairman ; Jeffrey <unk> , vice @-@ chairman , and Paul <unk> , have terms running through 2019 .
 Overall , Not Quite Hollywood received positive reviews from critics . Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 94 % of critics have given the film a positive review , " <unk> Fresh " , based on 63 reviews , with an average score of 7 @.@ 4 out of 10 . Margaret <unk> and David Stratton of At the Movies gave the film four and three and a half out of five stars respectively ; <unk> commended Hartley for " the depth of his research and for creating a wildly entertaining film experience " , and claimed that " for those of us who remember the films , Not Quite Hollywood is a blast " . Sandra Hall , writing for The Sydney Morning Herald , gave the film three and a half out of five stars , believing that " Hartley 's own film is much <unk> than most of those he is out to celebrate " . Jake Wilson of The Age similarly gave the film three and a half stars , but called the film " basically a feature @-@ length advertisement for its subject " , saying that it " moves far too rapidly to permit sustained analysis " . The Courier @-@ Mail 's Des <unk> , who gave the film four and a half out of five stars , disagreed , saying that " <unk> editing means the history is lively and fun " , and claimed in homage to The Castle , " <unk> of Hartley 's film should go straight to pool rooms all over Australia when it becomes available on DVD . " Luke <unk> of Empire Magazine <unk> gave Not Quite Hollywood five out of five stars , calling the film " fast , thrilling and often <unk> " , while Leigh <unk> wrote for the Herald
 The reforms implemented by Djedkare are generally assessed negatively in modern <unk> as his policy of decentralization created a virtual feudal system that transferred much power to the high and provincial administrations . Some Egyptologists such as <unk> <unk> argue that this contributed heavily to the collapse of the Egyptian state during the First Intermediate Period , c . 200 years later . These conclusions are rejected by Nigel Strudwick , who says that in spite of Djedkare 's reforms , Ancient Egyptian officials never amassed enough power to rival that of the king
 The neutrino accounted for the missing energy , but Fermi 's theory described a particle with little mass and no electric charge that would be difficult to observe directly . In a 1934 paper , Rudolf <unk> and Hans Bethe calculated that neutrinos could easily pass through the Earth , and concluded " there is no practically possible way of observing the neutrino . " In 1951 , at the conclusion of the Greenhouse test series , Reines received permission from the head of T Division , J. Carson Mark , for a leave in residence to study fundamental physics . Reines and his colleague Clyde Cowan decided to see if they could detect neutrinos . " So why did we want to detect the free neutrino ? " he later explained ,
 Rowson argues that Black also has several advantages . First , " White 's alleged advantage is also a kind of obligation to play for a win , and Black can often use this to his advantage . " Second , " White 's ' extra move ' can be a burden , and sometimes White finds himself in a mild form of <unk> ( ' <unk> Lite ' ) . " Third , although White begins the game with the initiative , if " Black retains a flexible position with good reactive possibilities , this initiative can be absorbed and often passes over to Black . " Fourth , " The fact that White moves before Black often gives Black useful information " . Suba likewise argues that White 's advantage is actually less than a move , since White must tip his hand first , allowing Black to react to White 's plans . Suba
Man this place
 ... while Kilmer might be widely known for his affection for trees , his affection was certainly not sentimental — the most distinguished feature of Kilmer 's property was a colossal woodpile outside his home . The house stood in the middle of a forest and what lawn it possessed was obtained only after Kilmer had spent months of weekend <unk> in <unk> down trees , pulling up stumps , and splitting logs . Kilmer 's neighbors had difficulty in believing that a man who
Needless to say, I wasn't blown away by his hair cut here and not sure if I'll
3135	About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
I told him I'm not leaving the terminal and I will
He has such a calming nature and seemed so invested in our relationship, even though he didn't know
3380	Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB-
Eto'o had been out since the thrashing of Arsenal last month and only proved to Mourinho that he was fit enough to be a nuisance to PSG in Chelsea's final
He was micro managing and belittling our dealer who was
10351	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man
I trusted this young man who
Seems very disinterested in customers, and when we tipped him almost 25% (yeah, i know) he didn't even utter a simple thank you.
He was not overly friendly, could not keep
He comes into his office and gets his technicians out
He personally showed us all the bells and whistles about the vehicle we were about to buy - he
 Notable for its absence is " Girls Just Want to Have Lunch " , from Dare to Be Stupid ( 1985 ) , Yankovic 's only previously released food @-@ related song not to make the album . According to Yankovic , this is due to the fact there is a " royalty ceiling " on the albums and he needed to pick one song to cut from the list in order to turn a profit on the album . " Girls Just Want to Have Lunch " was chosen due to Yankovic 's personal dislike of the song , as his record label had forced him to record it in order to release Dare to Be Stupid back in 1985 . Also absent from the release is " Waffle King . " The song had originally been recorded
Photo: Associated Press Seeger saw himself as part of a continuing folk tradition, constantly recycling and revising music that had been honed
 Barbarian II received praise for its audio , mostly for the versions on more powerful platforms . Reviewers of The Games Machine pointed out that the " most remarkable feature of the <unk> version is its crystal clear sampled effects " . Zzap ! 64 's staff and Computer and Video Games 's Julian <unk> were impressed with the digital <unk> and <unk> produced on the Commodore 64 , and particularly the rendition of a certain monster 's laughter . Mike <unk> of <unk> Amiga claimed the " manic <unk> of the mutant chicken would be enough to send [ the player ] running in the opposite direction " . Although rating the audio @-@ visual components of the Amiga version on par with that for the <unk> <unk> , <unk> and reviewers from The Game Machine felt the <unk> introductory sequence on the Amiga made it stand out ; Tony Horgan of Amiga User International called it the best introduction he has seen in Amiga games . 
He only repayed me $2 and the dryers
"North Texas school is threatening to expel my 11 year old son for ""Gun paraphernalia.""
After we placed our order, it took 45 mins to get our meals, by that time we were very hungry and he didn't even offer us bread at the table, but everyone else was being served.
When he returned on the phone, he told me no one in "dispatch" was answering his call either and he had no
I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school,
 The book has been derided for its lack of suspense . Carol <unk> of USA Today says that Grisham 's latest attempt to capture the spirit of the legal David and <unk> story is missing " the <unk> @-@ up of suspense " that he has employed successfully in recent adult and youth novels . Harshaw claims that the book is lacking in the suspense that made The Firm so successful . Arthur finds elements of the plot <unk> and the story <unk> as well as <unk> . Although the book is somewhat predictable , <unk> notes that " Grisham <unk> clear of the usual melodramatic devices . Corporations aren ’ t intrinsically <unk> ; <unk>
My work history includes a range of experience and he was able to
 Ram Charan decided not to debut in Bollywood with Magadheera 's Hindi remake , as he believed the film might not be recreated well . In an interview with The Times of India , Charan said , " When I met <unk> Kapoor some time back , he told me I will ask <unk> Kapoor to remake Magadheera with you in Hindi . But I said I don 't know if I would want to do the
I went back to buy a gift certificate for my uncle as a thank you for letting me crash at his place and the bar tender informed me that they
He didn't come in until
 The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , wrote that , " the episode lacks the emotional punch of others in which members of the family are separated . " DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson wrote that the episode was " such a great concept that it ’ s a surprise no [ one ] went for it earlier . " He felt that it " occasionally veers on the edge of <unk> , but it avoids becoming too sentimental . It 's a blast to see Burns ’ world from Bart ’ s point of view . DVD Talk gave the episode a score of 5 out of 5 while DVD Verdict gave
His shooting in Tottenham, north London in 2011 sparked
 Like Land of the Soviets , Tintin in the Congo was popular in Belgium . On the afternoon of 9 July 1931 , Wallez repeated the publicity stunt he had used when Soviets ended by having a young actor , Henry de <unk> , dress up as Tintin in colonial gear and appear in Brussels and then <unk> , accompanied by 10 African bearers and an assortment of exotic animals hired from a zoo . Co @-@ organised with the Bon <unk> department store , the event attracted 5 @,@ 000 spectators in Brussels . In 1931 , Brussels @-@ based Éditions de Petit Vingtième collected the story together into a single volume , and Casterman published a second edition in 1937 . By 1944 the book had been reprinted seven times , and had <unk> each of the other seven books in the series . The series ' success led Wallez to <unk> Hergé 's contract , giving him a higher salary and the
At 5:55 pm, I called the office (had to connect via emergency after hour option) and was told the technician running late and he would be here between 7-8 pm.
 The character continued in book form : the writer Philip <unk> , under the pseudonym Barry <unk> , obtained permission from the Hornung estate to continue the Raffles stories , and seven more novels followed between 1933 and 1940 , with Raffles transformed from a gentleman thief to a tough adventurer . <unk> continued the series in 1950 , and 14 of his stories were published in the 1974 volume Raffles Revisited . Hornung 's original stories have undergone a number of reprints , and when all the short stories were published in a single volume , Graham Greene considered it " a splendid idea " . In 1975 Greene had written a play based on the Raffles stories , The Return of <unk> Raffles , which premiered at the
If the locals feel a pang of regret at seeing him wearing red rather than yellow, it is an emotion which could well be shared by Costa's agent, the powerful Jorge Mendes, who would doubtless have wanted to convince Costa that, if he was not going to play for Brazil, he should instead pledge
My wife thinks it's hit or miss unless you get a guy named David who always does
He was convicted in 1961 and sentenced to a year in prison, but
 Before dawn on December 19 , there were troop movements in the capital as the junta deposed the civilians . The operation was commanded by Thi — who had travelled into Saigon from I Corps in the far north — and Kỳ . The national police , which was under the control of the army , moved through the streets , arresting five HNC members , other politicians and student leaders they deemed to be an obstacle to their aims . Minh and the other aging generals were arrested and flown to <unk> , a Central Highlands town in a <unk> area , while other officers were simply imprisoned in Saigon . The junta 's forces also arrested around 100 members of the National <unk> Council ( NSC ) of Le <unk> <unk> ; the NSC was a new party active in central Vietnam in the I Corps region and opposed to the expansion of the war . It was aligned with Thi and the Buddhist activist monk <unk> <unk> <unk> , but as Thi was active in the purge , it was believed he had fallen out with <unk> . 
Fox News Was Attacking Barack Obama For Using Dijon Mustard At This Point In His Presidency
The 100th best tennis player in the world, a journeyman pro playing in only his second grass-court tournament, had just pounded one of the greatest of all-time and it felt like a triumph that
 Tintin in the Congo shows Tintin taking part in what Michael Farr described as " the wholesale and <unk> slaughter " of animals ; over the course of the Adventure , Tintin shoots several antelope , kills an <unk> to wear its skin , rams a rifle vertically into a crocodile 's open mouth , <unk> an elephant for ivory , stones a buffalo , and ( in earlier editions ) drills a hole into a rhinoceros before planting dynamite in its body , blowing it up from the inside . Such scenes reflect the popularity of big @-@ game hunting among whites and affluent visitors in Sub @-@ Saharan Africa during the 1930s . Hergé later felt guilty about his portrayal of animals in Tintin in the Congo and became an opponent of blood sports ; when he wrote Cigars of the Pharaoh ( 1934 ) , he had Tintin befriend a
 On May 5 , 2011 , Helms and his girlfriend were involved in a <unk> accident in North Carolina ,
 The poem 's seventy lines of blank verse are presented as a dramatic monologue . Scholars disagree on how Ulysses ' speech functions in this format ; it is not necessarily clear to whom Ulysses is speaking , if anyone , and from what location . Some see the verse turning from a <unk> to a public address , as Ulysses seems to speak to himself in the first movement , then to turn to an audience as he introduces his son , and then to relocate to the <unk> where he addresses his mariners . In this interpretation , the comparatively direct and honest
 He signed for Mansfield Town on 5 January on a contract until the end of the 2008 – 09 season . Woodhouse made his debut for Mansfield Town on 24 January in a Conference National match against Lewes . Mansfield won 1 – 0 . Matt <unk> was Woodhouse 's next opponent in the ring on 29 March at Bramall Lane . The fight went the distance of six rounds and Woodhouse was given the decision over <unk> . His first professional loss as a boxer was on 25 April at Ulster Hall , in Belfast at the hands of Jay Morris . The fight went the distance , but Woodhouse lost 37 – 36 on points over six rounds . Mansfield manager David Holdsworth hoped Woodhouse would stay at the club , but on 18 June , he joined Conference North team Harrogate Town . On 27 November , he defeated Dean <unk> by TKO in round 6 . This was
 Clement XIII died suddenly on 2 February 1769 , a day before the date of the <unk> that he had <unk> to examine the demands for the general suppression of the Society of Jesus . The various courts under the House of Bourbon and the Kingdom of Portugal ( under the House of <unk> ) had exerted strong pressure on the Holy See to suppress this order through almost the whole of his <unk> . In 1759 Jesuits were expelled from Portugal , in <unk> from the Kingdom of France , in 1767 from Spain and in 1768 from the Kingdom of Naples , the Kingdom of Sicily and the Duchy of <unk> and <unk> . Clement XIII strongly defended the Society ( e.g. in the bull <unk> <unk> in 1765 ) , but without success . In January 1769 France and Naples seized the papal territories around Avignon , <unk> and <unk> to force the pope to issue a decree for the suppression of the order . The sudden death of 75 @-@ year @-@ old Clement XIII left this difficult decision to his successor . 
 According to The Sunday People , " though critics said it was an affectionate tribute about a nice man . Van went on to urge fans not to buy it . " According to The Boston Globe , Van Morrison " <unk> the book " . In an interview with The Boston Globe , Turner commented on this : " He considers anything that reveals details of family background or anything like that an invasion of his privacy . He doesn 't believe in biographies , and I do . " When the biography came out in hardcover , Van Morrison sent Turner 36 statements from the book that he called " lies , gross <unk> and <unk> " . Van Morrison told Turner that none of the 40 individuals the author had interviewed for the biography were currently
 He stayed at the club for three more seasons , but later lost his place in the side to the young Jimmy Greaves : " There was no disgrace in losing my place to him . I couldn 't <unk> about that . We used to get on very well , and he would listen to the instructions I gave him . Then he became world famous ! " The respect was mutual : though Greaves described the Chelsea title @-@ winning side as " almost certainly one of the least talented teams ever to win the title " , he made an exception for McNichol , "
 At the 2011 World Cup , Wales reached the tournament semi @-@ finals for the first time since 1987 where they lost 9 – 8 to France after a red card for captain Sam Warburton . The two teams met again in March 2012 , where Wales needed a win to claim their third Six Nations Grand Slam in eight years , which they did with a 16 –
 <unk> <unk> - Japan ( 1994 ) ( The Sleeping Man ; 1994 ) 
 From then on Reines dedicated the major part of his career to the study of the neutrino ’ s properties and interactions , which work would influence study of the neutrino for future researchers to come . Cowan left Los Alamos in 1957 to teach at George Washington University , ending their collaboration . On the basis of his work in first detecting the neutrino , Reines became the head of the physics department of Case Western Reserve University from 1959 to 1966 . At Case , he led a group that was the first to detect neutrinos created in the atmosphere by cosmic rays . Reines had a booming voice , and had been a singer since childhood . During this time , besides performing his duties as a research supervisor and chairman
The last straw was when, after 15-20 minutes of sitting there without any acknowledgement, the manager came by and looked at us, instructed the busser to do something with the fireplace near our table, turned on his heel, and went back
Boyfriend never touches me unless he wants sex
5424	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .
Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We
I showed him the Groupon and he said they don't take them for synthetic
The chef even came out to make sure he understood my food allergies!
There are hundreds of people in line, he told the Guardian.
I brought my Rottweiler to get his shots UTD about
Advertisement That makes it much harder for them to get capital, to hire people, and do all sorts of things in society, he said.
 Bourgmont had in fact been in trouble with the French colonial authorities since 1706 , when he deserted his post as commandant of Fort Detroit after poorly handling an attack by the Ottawa that resulted in thirty @-@ one
 " Love and Theft " was released on September 11 , 2001 . Recorded with his touring band , Dylan produced the album himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost . The album was critically well received and earned nominations for several Grammy awards . Critics noted that Dylan was widening his musical palette to include rockabilly , Western swing , jazz , and even lounge ballads . " Love and Theft " generated controversy when The Wall Street Journal pointed out similarities between the album 's lyrics and Japanese author <unk> Saga 's book Confessions of a <unk> .
 In an interview with María Elvira <unk> , García Márquez has admitted that his portrayal of Bolívar is partly a self @-@ portrait . He identifies with Bolívar in many ways , since their method of controlling their anger is the same and their philosophical views are
I asked to speak to manager, and Indian guy I believe.
 In 1962 , Wilhelm had his fourth All @-@ Star season , finishing with a 7 – 10 record , a 1 @.@ 94 ERA and 15 saves . On January 14 , 1963 , Wilhelm was traded by the Orioles with Ron Hansen , Dave Nicholson and Pete Ward to the Chicago White Sox for Luis <unk> and Al Smith . Early in that season , White Sox manager Al López said that Wilhelm had improved his pitching staff by 40 percent . He said that Wilhelm was " worth more
4731	You come away from his film overwhelmed
8150	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones
 On Kauai , the <unk> River rose above its normal level , leading to the closure of the <unk> School . Several tree limbs and small trees were blown down across the island . Rainfall on Kauai peaked at 5 @.@ 33 in ( 135 mm ) at Mount <unk> <unk> <unk> and on Maui , up to 4 @.@ 05 in ( 103 mm ) fell in <unk> Gap . On the <unk> side of the mountains , rainfall peaked at 1 @.@ 3 in ( 33 mm ) in <unk> , an area that rarely records rainfall in August . Throughout the island , the total amount of water in reservoirs increased to 104 @.@ 5 million gallons ( 395 @.@ 5 million liters ) from 77 @.@ 8 million gallons ( <unk> @.@ 5 million liters ) prior to Felicia . Rainfall in some areas was heavy enough at times to reduce visibility to several feet . Streets in these areas were covered with muddy water . <unk> heavy rainfall fell on the Big Island , peaking at 2 @.@ 76 in ( 70 mm ) in <unk> . In <unk> Beach , there was one lifeguard rescue that resulted in the swimmer being sent to a local hospital . Three other people were swept away at the mouth of the <unk> River , all of whom were quickly rescued . In Honolulu , runoff from the storm resulted in large amounts of trash and debris along the local beaches . Private contractors were dispatched to the affected <unk> to trap and remove the trash . Officials were forced to close the beaches along <unk> Bay after swells from Felicia pushed an estimated 2 @,@ 000 Portuguese Man o ' War <unk> into the region . The beaches were later re @-@ opened on August
4102	Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
My husband's soup was so watered down with zero flavor or any clams to be found, he
 <unk> , John , The Blood Road : The Ho Chi Minh Trail and the Vietnam War . New York : John
Blewitt later told the commission $90,000 from the fund was used for a deposit to buy a property in Fitzroy in his name.
I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
He knows
Except, my 14 year old son tells me on the drive home that the guys at the mulch didn't know he was with me while I
He kept in touch and he was
 As the general election season began , Nixon focused his efforts on the " big seven " states : California , Illinois , Michigan , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Texas . He hired Roger <unk> , whom he had first encountered during an appearance on the The Mike Douglas Show , to produce one hour television programs to advertise the campaign in strategic regions . The campaign also continued to use televised town hall segments
The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue
 " Dog Eat Dog " is a style parody of the Talking Heads . Described as a " tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek look at office life " , the song was inspired by Yankovic 's past experience of working in the <unk> as well as the traffic department at <unk> One radio station . He noted , " At first I thought [ the job ] was <unk> cool that I had a phone and a desk and a little <unk> to call my own , but after a while I felt like my soul had been sucked out of me . " The song features a line directly parodying the Talking Heads song " Once In a Lifetime
 Following a change in management , Coleman signed with Island Records , and Of Human Feelings was released in 1982 by its subsidiary label Antilles Records . Critics generally praised Coleman 's expressive music and <unk> approach , but the album made little commercial impact and went out of print . Coleman enlisted his son Denardo as manager after a dispute with his former managers over the album 's royalties , a change that inspired him to perform publicly again during the 1980s .
 Lewis argues that Applewhite effectively controlled his followers by packaging his teachings in familiar terms . Richard Hecht of the University of California , Santa Barbara , echoes this sentiment , arguing that members of the group killed themselves because they believed the narrative that he had constructed , rather than because he <unk> controlled them . In his 2000 study of apocalyptic movements , John R. Hall posits that they were motivated to commit suicide because they saw it as a way to demonstrate that they had conquered the fear
He had steak quesadilla and
After hearing from my employer and his
 Turning his attention to southern India , Wheeler discovered remnants of a Roman <unk> in a museum , and began excavations at Arikamedu , revealing a port from the first century CE which had traded in goods from the Roman Empire . The excavation had been plagued by severe rains and tropical heat , although it was during the excavation that World War II ended ; in celebration , Wheeler gave all his workers an extra <unk> for the day . It has since been alleged that while Wheeler took credit for discovering the significance of this site , it had previously been established by A. <unk> , the Superintendent of the Government Museum in Madras , and the French archaeologist <unk> Dubreuil , with Wheeler intentionally ignoring their contribution . He later undertook excavations of six megalithic tombs in <unk> , Mysore , which enabled him to gain a
6802	Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
 Romani was the first decisive victory attained by British Land Forces and changed the whole face of the campaign in that theatre , <unk> as it did from the enemy , the initiative which he never again obtained . It also made the clearing of his troops from Egyptian territory a feasible proposition . 
But gave him the benefit of the doubt.
3798	What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships
"My friends father, who is an American citizen, was arrested in Abu Dhabi for using his cell phone in security at Abu Dhabi airport. The family has not heard from him since. They
 In official writings , pharaohs are said to be divine , and they are constantly depicted in the company of the deities of the pantheon . Each pharaoh and his predecessors were considered the successors of the gods who had ruled Egypt in mythic prehistory . Living kings were equated with Horus and called the " son " of many deities , particularly Osiris and Ra ; deceased kings were equated with these elder gods . <unk> had their own mortuary temples where rituals were performed for them during their lives and after their deaths . But few pharaohs were worshipped as gods long after their lifetimes , and non @-@ official texts portray kings in a human light . For these reasons , scholars disagree about how genuinely most Egyptians believed the king to be a god . He may only have been considered divine when he was performing ceremonies . 
During those interviews when police asked what sort of sexual activity had occurred in Mr Clifford's office, he said: Slap and tickle, kissing and cuddling, I might have had oral sex
 In February 1942 , Casterman suggested to Hergé that his books be published in a new format ; 62 @-@ pages rather than the former 100 to 130 pages , and now in full colour rather than black @-@ and @-@ white . He agreed to this , and in 1943 The Crab with the
But while the midfielder tried to deflect questions about whether he is looking to leave Arsenal after two years in the Premier League, the
Everything was made fresh and Jacob really knows his stuff!
He was very funny and we had loads of fun having him as our server!
Every club he's ever played for, the fans respect him for the player he is.
I ordered something else and continued my request to speak with a manager who never came despite my server's reassurance that he
He is engaging and professional and a
 When Guybrush returns to LeChuck 's ship with the elixir , he learns that LeChuck has returned to Mêlée IslandTM to marry Elaine at the church . He promptly returns to Mêlée IslandTM and <unk> the wedding , only to ruin Elaine 's own plan for escape ; in the process he loses the elixir . Now confronted with a furious LeChuck , Guybrush is <unk> beaten by the ghost pirate in a fight ranging across the island . The fight eventually arrives at the island 's ship <unk> , where Guybrush finds a bottle of root beer . <unk> the <unk> for the lost elixir , he <unk> LeChuck
"Zero evidence for Donald Trump's wiretap claim found in Justice Department review, house intelligence chairman says"
 Until after Wilde 's death in 1900 his name remained disgraced , and few discussed , let alone performed , his work in Britain . Alexander revived The Importance in a small theatre in Notting Hill , outside the West End , in 1901 ; in the same year he presented the piece on tour , playing Jack Worthing with a cast including the young Lilian <unk> as Cecily . The play returned to the West End when Alexander
3044	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in
I just strayed from this place and ate at this god awful Sui Wok place and Boy will I never do that again.
 Giacomo Meyerbeer ( born Jacob Liebmann Beer ; 5 September 1791 – 2 May 1864 ) was a German opera composer of Jewish birth who has been described as perhaps the most successful stage composer of the nineteenth century . With his 1831 opera Robert le diable and its successors , he
 As two series of inscriptions on the foundations of the monumental podium <unk> , construction of the sanctuary 's podium did not begin until the reign of King Bodashtart . The first set of inscriptions bears the name of Bodashtart alone , while the second contains his name and that of the crown prince <unk> @-@ milk . A Phoenician inscription , located 3 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 9 mi ) upstream from the temple , that dates to the 14th year of Bodashtart 's reign , alludes to water <unk> works from the Awali river to the " Ydll " source that was
 Quoting The Chicago Manual of Style , Dershowitz <unk> implies that he followed the rules by citing " the original " as opposed to the secondary source , Peters . He <unk> Chicago here , where " the original " means merely the origin
 Several critics — including both Kilmer 's contemporaries and modern scholars — have disparaged Kilmer 's work as being too religious , simple , overly sentimental , and suggested that his style was far too traditional , even archaic . Poet Conrad <unk> , a contemporary of Kilmer , lambasted his work as being unoriginal — merely " <unk> with a sentimental bias " and " <unk> out of the same faint <unk> , the same old <unk> and love songs , <unk> <unk> of <unk> all too familiar . " <unk> characterized Kilmer as a " <unk> in the pretty and sweet " and " pale @-@ <unk> <unk> to
A middle-aged man standing on the stage and
But in 2011, he was arrested as part of a major investigation by the Royal Mail
 In 2001 , he received the sixth biennial
One of them name is Robby he gave me excellent customer service by
 From an early age , Reines exhibited an interest in science , and liked creating and building things . He later recalled that :
This guy is a total sleeze ball!
The best part was the loooong nap the son took afterward!
Monica, youre so lucky! Hes like the most popular guy in school!!
Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he
 The Israeli newspaper , <unk> , stated that " [ i ] t is difficult to <unk> with Finkelstein 's opinions and preferences , especially since he decided to support Hezbollah , meet
My dad wanted to come here because he saw the hand pulled noodles.
 Homer and Marge sign a legal document which officially names Bart as Mr. Burns ' heir . Marge suggests that Bart should spend some time with Mr. Burns . While initially repelled by Mr. Burns ' <unk> , Bart begins to take a liking to him after Burns promises to give Bart whatever he wants out of his life . Bart decides to
 On his deathbed , Yue Fei 's third son Yue Lin ( <unk> , born 1130 ) asked his own son , the poet and historian Yue Ke ( <unk> , <unk> – post @-@ <unk> ) , to complete Yue Fei 's memoirs . This two @-@ part memoir was completed in 1203 , some sixty years after the general 's political execution , but was not published until 1234 . It was later abridged in 1345 and published in the Yuan Dynasty 's dynastic chronology History of the Song Dynasty under the title Yue Fei Biography ( chapter 365 , biography 124 ) . Zhou 's mention in Yue Ke 's memoir was only briefly summarized in the Yuan rewrite . It reads , " He [ Yue Fei ] learned archery from Zhou Tong . He learned everything
He would
 On May 10 , a teenager who went to the protests in front of the Queen Victoria Street Church of Scientology in London was issued a court summons after being asked to take down a sign that read " Scientology is not a religion , it is a dangerous cult " . <unk> anonymously on a forum , the teenager stated " Within five minutes of arriving ... I was told by a member of the police that I was not allowed to use ' that word ' " . He said that the police told him he had 15 minutes to take down the sign . The teenager did not , citing a 1984 high court ruling by Justice <unk> which he described the Church of Scientology as a " cult " that was " corrupt , sinister and dangerous " . The sign was then confiscated . <unk> Chakrabarti , the director of Liberty , a human rights group , said that , " They will be banning words like ' war ' and ' tax ' from placards and demonstrations next . This is just <unk> " . On May 23 , 2008 , the legal action against the boy was dropped . A Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) spokesman said : " In consultation with the City of London Police , we were asked whether
The manager Alex is a nice guy that always welcomes me with a hug and
 In 1611 , James employed Calvert to research and <unk> his tract against the Dutch Protestant theologian Conrad <unk> , ( 1569 @-@ 1622 ) . The following year , Cecil died , and Calvert acted as one of the four <unk> of his will . The king 's favourite , Sir Robert Carr , first Earl of Somerset , ( <unk> @-@ 1645 ) , Viscount Rochester , assumed the duties of secretary of state and recruited Calvert to assist with foreign policy , in particular the Latin and Spanish correspondence . Carr , soon raised to the <unk> of Somerset , was not a success in the job , and fell from favour partly as a result of the murder of Thomas <unk> , ( <unk> @-@ 1613 ) , to which Carr 's wife , Frances , the former Countess of Essex and later Somerset , ( <unk> @-@ 1632 ) , pleaded guilty in 1615 . Carr 's
He is the best in town!
 In addition to the Boca Raton campus in southern Palm Beach County , Florida Atlantic University operates a campus in northern Palm Beach County , in Jupiter . The John D. MacArthur Campus , named after businessman and philanthropist John D. MacArthur , was established in 1999 to serve residents of central and northern Palm Beach and southern Martin counties . The MacArthur Campus occupies 45 acres ( 0 @.@ 18 km ² ) , upon which are eight classroom and office buildings
The yogurt drink was expired as well as many of the market items he
I told the manager I didn't request this , he
In the lead-up to the release of the last US soldier to be held prisoner by the Taliban in Afghanistan, 54-year-old Bob Bergdahl talked to the Guardian's Sean Smith about his feelings following his son's
He should be getting about five chances a game and he only
 " Kaboom " was written by <unk> <unk> and directed by Charles <unk> . The Pawnee pit , which has been a focal plot device in Parks and Recreation since the first episode , is filled in during this episode . " Kaboom " features actor and comedian Paul Scheer in a guest appearance as the KaBOOM ! organizer . Scheer has previously worked with Aziz Ansari on the MTV sketch comedy show , Human Giant . " Kaboom " also featured H. Jon Benjamin , a voice actor from Archer , Dr. Katz , and Home Movies , as Pawnee 's lawyer . Chris Pratt actually appeared naked during filming of a scene in which he arrived at Ann 's house without clothes on . Michael Schur , co @-@ creator of Parks and Recreation , said the scene was written because Pratt " loves taking his clothes off " .
 The Pentwyn Link Road ( Welsh : Ffordd Gyswllt Pentwyn ) , which is also known as the North Pentwyn Link Road , runs from the Pontprennau Interchange ( 51 @.@ <unk> ° N 3 @.@ <unk> ° W ﻿ / 51 @.@ <unk> ; <unk> ﻿ ( <unk> Interchange ) ) on the A48 and the Pentwyn Interchange ( 51 @.@ <unk> ° N 3 @.@ <unk> ° W ﻿ / 51 @.@ <unk> ; <unk> ﻿ ( Pentwyn Interchange ( M4 <unk> ) ) ) on the M4 ( junction 30 ) . It is 1 @.@ 61 km ( 1 @.@ 00 mi ) in length and was opened by John <unk> MP , the Secretary of State for Wales on 20 June ,
 The architect John Nash redeveloped the western end of the Strand in the 1830s , including the construction of Charing Cross Hospital . In the 19th century , much of the Strand was
 Cresswell admitted he had not made the impact he had hoped to in the York first team , but ahead of the 1998 – 99 season said " I 've had some stick from a small number of fans , but hopefully I can prove them wrong . I will prove them wrong . This a big season for me . I want to do it for York City . I want to do it for myself . " After a positive start to the season , Cresswell attracted attention from other clubs , with a number of scouts attending matches to watch him play . Manager Alan Little claimed some clubs were making illegal approaches for the player , and that this was having a detrimental effect on his performances . Preston North End manager David <unk> claimed his club had a bid of more than £ 500 @,@ 000 for Cresswell rejected , while York chairman Douglas Craig rejected this , saying a formal offer had not been received from any club . He was York 's top scorer in the 1998 – 99 season
He can't
We had two memberships, one for our teenage son and one
John and Dalisa are talented creatives who continuously evolve to
 On June 1 , 1995 , his death warrant was signed by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Ridge . Its execution was suspended while Abu @-@ Jamal pursued state post @-@ conviction review . At the post @-@ conviction review hearings , new witnesses were called . William " <unk> " <unk> testified that he saw the shooting and that the <unk> was the passenger in Cook 's car . <unk> 's account contained discrepancies which rendered it " not credible " in the opinion of the court . William Harmon , a convicted <unk> , testified that Faulkner 's murderer fled in a car which pulled up at the crime scene , and could not have been Abu @-@ Jamal . However , Robert <unk> testified that he had witnessed a man stand over Faulkner as the latter lay wounded on the ground , who shot him
Every time he is Procrastinating me 
When they discovered that he was in the Military (which explains the roughened condition of his feet, and hence the desperate need for a pedicure...), they gave him a complimentary
He doesn't bother to look up from his computer
A facility run by St John Ambulance broke down in April and the charity
Today I wrote and expressed I didn't need his services.
Bin Laden urged him to recite a chapter from the Koran about the need to hold firm, stand fast and keep the faith if he started to have doubts about his
 Former Lightning head coach Terry <unk> has stated publicly that Cullen was a player that stood out as something special saying “ John Cullen ... beat cancer and came
 Jarvis scored the only goal in York 's first win since October 2013 , a 1 – 0 home victory over Morecambe on New Year 's Day . McCarey was recalled by Wolverhampton Wanderers due to an injury to one of their <unk> , while O 'Neill was recalled by Burnley to take part in their FA Cup match . York achieved back @-@ to @-@ back wins for the first time since October 2013 after Dagenham & Redbridge were beaten 3 – 1 at home , with Bowman opening the scoring in the second half before Fletcher scored twice . Adam Reed , who had a spell on loan with York in the previous season , was signed on a contract until the end of the season after parting company with Burton . Davies ' loan was extended , while Brobbel and <unk> returned to their parent clubs . Cheltenham club captain Russell Penn , a midfielder
His failure to act on the warning signs is putting the
He either loves
 The Finnish poet <unk> <unk> also wrote about the bird in his
Not once he mentioned that the box spring cannot be returned as per their terms and conditions or the sales guy didn't
 From 1921 to 1939 in Transylvania <unk> General of Army no . 3 had subordinate the 6th and 7th Army Corps . By 1 April 1921 , when he disbanded Forces Western Command , to order 6th Army Corps ( and earlier structures ) have been generals Prezan Constantin , Constantin <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> George , Nicholas and Arthur <unk> et al . After 1 April 1921 to 23 March 1939 , C. 6 A. was commissioned by General Nicholas <unk> , <unk> Pop <unk> Alexander , John <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and Christie <unk> , prominent military leaders , whom Octavian <unk> wrote that " in the interwar period , in Cluj in Transylvania , commanders have made a large @-@ scale opera and unanimous praise . " Three divisions were part of 6th Army Corps : 16th ( <unk> ) , 17th ( Oradea ) and 20th Infantry Divisions ( <unk> @-@ Mureş ) . With rapid and marked worsening international situation , especially in neighboring Romania , on 22 September 1939 , the 4th
 In essence , the lbw law remained the same between 1839 and 1937 , despite several campaigns to have it changed . An 1863 proposal to allow a batsman to be lbw if the ball hit his body at any point between the wickets , regardless of where the ball pitched or whether it would hit the wicket at all , came to nothing . There were few complaints until the proportion of lbw dismissals in county cricket began to increase during the 1880s . Until then , batsmen used their pads only to protect their legs ; their use for any other purposes was considered <unk> , and some amateur cricketers did not wear them at all . As cricket became more organised and competitive , some batsmen began to use their pads as a second line of defence : they lined them up with the ball so that if they missed with the bat , the ball struck the pad instead of the wicket . Some players took this further ; if the delivery was not an easy one from which to score runs , they attempted no shot and allowed the
He had no other option or alternative for me other than some how
He was so friendly the whole time
4667	As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his
 Inspired by the mural , Bono took an extended break from recording into July , travelling to Nicaragua and El Salvador with his wife , Alison Hewson , to see firsthand the distress of peasants bullied by political conflicts and US military intervention . While there , they worked with the Central American Mission Partners ( <unk> ) , a human rights and economic development organization . In El Salvador they met members of the <unk> de Madres Monsignor Romero ( COMADRES : Committee of the Mothers Monsignor Romero ) , an organization of women whose children were forcibly disappeared by the El <unk> government during the <unk> Civil War because they opposed the military regime that was in power . At one point during the trip , Bono , Alison , and a member of <unk> were shot at by government troops while on their way to deliver aid to a group of farmers . The shots were a warning and , according to author John <unk> , the incident made Bono realize that " they didn 't care for their intrusion and they could kill them if they felt
 On 26 July , Federer announced that he would miss the 2016 Summer Olympics and the remainder of the 2016 season to fully recover from his knee injury . 
Took my wife and son to the recline
 The bell towers are the work of <unk> artist José <unk> Ortiz de Castro . They are capped with bell @-@ shaped roofs made of tezontle covered in <unk> , a white stone . Ortiz de Castro was in charge of the cathedral 's construction in the latter half of the 18th century until he died , unexpectedly . Manuel Tolsá of Valencia , who had built other notable buildings in Mexico City , was hired to finish the cathedral . At this point , the cathedral had already been 240 years in the making . He added the neo @-@ Classic structure housing the clock , the statues of the three theological virtues ( Faith , Hope ,
 Whatever the circumstances of Domnall 's accession , the Uí Chennselaig regime in Dublin was short @-@ lived . The Annals of Inisfallen , the Annals of the Four Masters , and the Annals of Ulster , all reveal that , within the year , Domnall died after a brief illness , with the latter two sources <unk> that he succumbed after three nights of sickness . The Annals of Inisfallen and the Annals of Ulster accord him the title King of Dublin , and make no mention of any connection with the Leinster kingship . Upon Domnall 's demise , Toirdelbach had his own son
 On 12 June he was again tested in the highest class when he was sent to run in the Grand Prix de Paris at <unk> where he was ridden
I totally wish today I would have sat at the bar just like every other time, needless to say I was terribly disappointed with the service, food and overall experience, not only did I have to wait for a waiter once he finally came to "help" he was rushed and short got us some waters and came back to take our order, after taking our order we waited at least 15 minutes before we saw him again at which point we asked him to bring us a couple drinks, once he brought our drinks my fiancé realized his beer was not the one he had ordered, he then waited for this waiter Richard H. To come back so he could address the issue, once we were able to see him we noticed he was busy with another table so my fiancé went to the bar and asked the bartender to change his beer for the one he had originally ordered, we waited about 20 additional minutes and our
I don't think the guy was trying
I will not contribute to a company that has the poorest customer service I have ever experienced and to send the poor sales guy to my door it uncalled for, they are
 Walpole remained prolific in the post @-@ war years , and began a parallel and highly <unk> career as a lecturer in literature . At the instigation of his American publisher , George Doran , he made his first lecture tour of the US in 1919 , receiving an enthusiastic welcome wherever he went . What Sadleir describes as Walpole 's " <unk> and attractive appearance , his complete lack of <unk> , his exciting fluency as a speaker [ and ] his obvious and genuine liking for his hosts " combined to win him a large American following .
Lukas Rosol threw himself to the ground under the lights and the roof, mouth agape and quite unable to comprehend what he had
 Baker 's work received mixed reviews . His only two books not specifically gay themed ( though containing gay characters and a somewhat gay sensibility ) , Boy Wonder and Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams , were better received by critics , and more popular with readers , though he was never a bestselling novelist . Baker himself estimated that his books sold approximately 25 @,@ 000 copies each . His following book , however , Tim and Pete , met with hostile reviews , primarily for its advocacy of political assassination and terror tactics in combating AIDS discrimination . Baker himself was ambivalent on the subject . " I think assassination does change things ... But
When asking for the services manager by name I was told he was gone for the day.
 In September 1994 , Looking Glass Technologies employee Seamus Blackley told Computer Gaming World that he wanted to create a combat @-@ based sequel to Flight Unlimited , whose development he was directing at the time . The magazine 's Johnny L. Wilson wrote , " If Flight Unlimited can pass the civilian tests , the military version should be right behind it .
 During the over , another rising Larwood delivery knocked the bat out of Woodfull 's hands . He battled it out for 89 minutes , collecting more <unk> before Allen bowled him for 22 . Later in the day , the English team manager Pelham Warner visited the Australian dressing room to express his sympathies to Woodfull . Woodfull had remained calm in public , refusing to complain about Jardine 's tactics . Woodfull 's abrupt response was
As we ate our gelato, the younger guy working kept sampling and eating gelato, taking huge spoon fulls and shoving them into his
Singh has been widely seen as a regent, keeping the seat warm until Rahul Gandhi was ready to take what some see as his
Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy
My husband enjoyed his pizza, but
I know a family who brought in Thai food to an indoor playground "forgetting" it had nuts in it and my friend's son had a horrible reaction as he's highly allergic and has an
My son was so amazing with the iPads and Cars movie that he didn't even
He said nothing
I hate that they cut just about all of his
I can't remember the name of the guy who "fixed" my phone but he was extremely rude and
He had mentioned to me this was something he wanted to try so I purchased
 Judas ( <unk> , <unk> ) is a mysterious swordsman who appears before Kyle when the latter is in a pinch . A genius swordsman , he wears a beast skull as a mask to hide his face . His true identity is that of Leon Magnus . Judas is voiced by <unk>
338	He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen
He gave me a lowdown on price to head over to the condo ~ $125 and then explained what I could be facing when it comes to fixing leaks and clogs for a kitchen sink.
 Lt. Col. Dunnington continued to build up his
 <unk> that he did consult the original sources , Dershowitz said Finkelstein is simply accusing him of good scholarly practice : citing references he learned of initially from Peters 's book . Dershowitz denies that he used any of Peters 's ideas without citation . " <unk>
 Since it was necessary for the art department 's interior sets to conform to the effects department 's exterior plans , each team closely monitored the other 's work . According to Sylvia Anderson , Bell 's challenge was to produce complex interiors on a limited budget while resisting the effects department 's push for " more extravagant " design . This task was complicated by the unnatural proportions of the puppets : Bell struggled to decide whether the sets should be built to a scale proportionate to their bodies or their oversized heads and hands . He used the example of FAB 1 to illustrate the problem : " As soon as we positioned [ the puppets ] standing alongside [ the model ] , they looked ridiculous , as the car <unk> over them
 Dave <unk> , frontman for <unk> , stated he had been in talks with Activision and Neversoft for a Guitar Hero @-@ related product . It was later revealed that Dave <unk> was
 Once at Ctesiphon , Odaenathus immediately began the siege of the well @-@ fortified winter residence of the Persian kings ; severe damage was inflicted upon the surrounding areas due to the battles with Persian troops . The city held its ground and the logistical problems of fighting in enemy 's land probably prompted the Palmyrenes to lift the siege . Odaenathus headed north along the Euphrates carrying with him numerous prisoners and booty . The invasion resulted in the full restoration of the Roman lands ( <unk> and Mesopotamia provinces ) occupied by Shapur since the beginning of his invasions in 252 . However , Dura @-@ <unk> and other Palmyrene posts south of <unk> , such as <unk> , were not rebuilt . Odaenathus sent the captives to Rome and by the end of 263 , Gallienus added <unk> <unk> ( " The great victor in Persia " )
I told him that his attitude to someone that came referred to his store was extremely horrible and he should be grateful that he gets referrals and his excuse was
Also, these guys LOVE my dog and try to feed him treats (which is definitely an added benefit).
I had the "Rob Rye" and it was exactly what he said it
 In his adopted home of Keswick a section of the town museum was dedicated to Walpole 's memory in 1949 , with manuscripts , correspondence , paintings and sculpture from Brackenburn , donated by his sister and brother .
 Abraham <unk> Stott , the son of a <unk> , was born in nearby Shaw and Crompton in 1822 . He served a seven @-@ year apprenticeship with Sir Charles Barry , before starting a structural engineering practice in Oldham in 1847 that went on to become the pre @-@ eminent mill architect firm in Lancashire . Philip Sydney Stott , third son of Abraham and later titled as Sir Philip Stott , 1st <unk> , was the most prominent and famous of the Stott mill architects . He established his own practice in 1883 and designed over a hundred mills in several countries . His factories , which improved upon his father 's <unk> mills , accounted for a 40 % increase in Oldham 's spindles between 1887 and 1914
 On September 4 , 2011 , the Broncos placed Minor on injured reserve . They waived him on October 10 . In November 2011 , he was " charged with possession of marijuana with intent to distribute " by the Virginia Commonwealth University police department following a traffic stop . He is scheduled for a traffic court appearance on January 18 . 
Literally- my husband never compliments food and he was very impressed.
My son got the herb roasted chicken which he really enjoyed.
I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms?
 In 1964 , Wilhelm finished with career highs in both saves ( 27 ) and games pitched ( 73 ) . His ERA decreased to 1 @.@ 99 that season ; it remained less than 2 @.@ 00 through the 1968 season . In 1965 , Wilhelm contributed to another passed balls record when Chicago catcher J. C. Martin allowed 33 of them in one season . That total set a modern single @-@ season baseball record for the category . Wilhelm 's career @-@ low ERA ( 1 @.@ 31 ) came in 1967 , when he earned
As we made our way back to our room to think about our options, the staff member followed us into our room and began to wait (it seemed like he was talking on the radio and was waiting for a
Our server was a great guy with a lot
 On October 13 , 2009 , Dylan released a Christmas album , Christmas in the Heart , comprising such Christmas standards as " Little Drummer Boy " , " Winter Wonderland " and " Here Comes Santa Claus " . Dylan 's royalties from the sale of this album will benefit the charities Feeding America in the USA , Crisis
 Aside from the attack on Ancona , the Austro @-@ Hungarian battleships were largely confined to Pola for the duration of the war . Their operations were limited by Admiral Anton Haus , the commander of the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy , who believed that he would need to husband his ships to counter any Italian attempt to seize the <unk> coast . Since coal was diverted to the newer Tegetthoff @-@ class battleships , the remainder of the
 The album artwork — which features a cartoon alien after it has eaten Yankovic — was created by Doug Lawrence , who is better known as " Mr. Lawrence " , an American voice actor , comedian , writer , storyboard artist , animator and director . The " grotesque " cover was Yankovic 's " passive @-@ aggressive protest " against his label for forcing out the album ; Yankovic intended the alien having " picked the <unk> corpse of Weird Al clean " to be a reference to his record label " bleed [ ing ] his catalogue dry " by releasing the album . The Japanese release of the album ,
5155	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
My husband said the Paella is the best that he's had since he
 On 19 September 2007 , Saprang 's rival , Assistant Army Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief <unk> Anupong Paochinda , was appointed as the new commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the Army , replacing the retiring General Sonthi . Anupong 's mandatory retirement occurred 2010 . Sonthi was , after resignation , appointed Deputy Prime Minister . Saprang was transferred to become Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Defense . Saprang 's ally , Defence Ministry Deputy Permanent Secretary Admiral Bannawit <unk> , called Saprang 's transfer a " demotion " and a " punishment . " However , Saprang himself claimed that he did not feel slighted for being passed over , noting that " everything
He said they did have some printers, but thought perhaps their  technician could come out
Shes in labor! You like that you sick son of
He explained to us what exactly it was we needed and he answered all our questions.
626	-LRB- Director Peter -RRB- Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that
8077	Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the
What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
 Monument 154 dates to the reign of K 'inich Hix Chapat and records his installing of two
Once we got our bag picked out, he also informed us about how to go through the
 Mantell sent a letter detailing his discovery to the local Portsmouth Philosophical Society in December 1824 , several weeks after settling on a name for the fossil creature . The letter was read to members of the Society at a meeting on 17 December , and a report was published in the Hampshire Telegraph the following Monday , 20 December , which announced the name , mis @-@ spelt as " <unk> " . Mantell formally published his findings on 10 February 1825 , when he presented a paper on the remains to the Royal Society of
I called to see if the people would even accept him (and how much the stupid training was going to be) and was
He let my drink go empty twice, but partially my fault--I was thirsty.
 Alkan 's compositions for organ have been among the last of his works to be brought back
Seeger made no acceptance speech, but he did lead a singalong on Goodnight, Irene, flanked by Stevie Wonder, David Byrne and members of the
I can't tell you enough how pleased I am with his
I feel like he did it on purpose so I would
 Meyerbeer 's relationship with Heine displays the <unk> and <unk> of the social <unk> of both parties . Meyerbeer , apart from any of his personal feelings , needed Heine <unk> as an influential personality and writer on music . He genuinely admired Heine 's verse , and made a number of settings
1931	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
And he was unapologetic about the possibility of
 Archaeological evidence indicates that human habitation in Idaho began towards the end of the last ice age : bone fragments about 10 @,@ 000 years old have been found in Wilson <unk> Cave , an <unk> cave on the Snake River Plain believed to have been occupied by indigenous people until as recently as the 17th century . A change of climate around 7000 years ago dried up much of the Great Basin , forcing the Shoshone people northward into the mountainous areas of central Idaho . Most of what is now Boise National Forest was sparsely inhabited by Native Americans , and several archaeological sites , including <unk> , rock shelters , burial grounds , and <unk> have been found along rivers in the area . <unk> and fur traders of European descent first arrived in the area in the early 1800s , starting with John Jacob Astor 's Pacific Fur Company in October 1811 . Donald Mackenzie and <unk> Payette trapped in the area of Boise National Forest in 1819 . By 1840
 Costume designer Robert <unk> was concerned over the re @-@ creation of the Klingon uniforms seen in The Original Series as he thought that the metallic material used would be nearly impossible to create accurately . He was subsequently relieved to have found four original costumes and an additional shirt in the costume archives , calling them a " <unk> " . His team created patterns from other costumes to remake them . Make @-@ up supervisor Michael <unk> had previously worked on a television series during the 1960s and recalled what type of make @-@ up was available at the time . He had the team restrict themselves to techniques of that era to ensure that the DS9 crew blended properly into the scenes . The hairstyles of the crew were also meant to be reminiscent of The Original Series , with Alexander <unk> sporting a style previously seen on James Doohan . René <unk> said that his new hairstyle reminded him of
 In the 17th century , German naturalist Georg <unk> named the cat the <unk> ara . <unk> 's rendering was reproduced by his associate , Dutch naturalist Willem <unk> , in 1648 . <unk> ara was then adopted by English naturalist John Ray in 1693 . The French naturalist Georges @-@ Louis <unk> , Comte de <unk> in 1774 ( probably influenced by the word
 McKay got his fellow Democrat , New Hampshire Senator Charles Atherton , to introduce the bill to authorize the gold dollar and the double eagle in the Senate on February 1 , 1849 — Atherton was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee . McKay introduced a version into the House on February 20 ; debate began the same day . The dollar
Then finally, one guy approached me, I asked for a to go plate, and he pointed out the direction of the door and said something " there" and walked
 In early October , commentators weighed Nixon 's advantage , arguing that placement of blame for the Vietnam War strictly on the Johnson administration was acceptable — avoiding discussion of war with the excuse that he did not want to disrupt the peace talks in Paris . However , anti @-@ war protesters heckled Nixon repeatedly on the campaign trail . Nixon addressed the American Conservative Union on October 9 , and argued that George Wallace 's American Independent Party candidacy could split the anti @-@ Administration vote , and help the Democrats . The Union decided to back Nixon over Wallace , labeling the third party candidate 's beliefs as " <unk> . " As Democratic Vice Presidential nominee Edmund <unk> criticized Nixon for his connections to <unk> <unk> , Nixon continued to oppose a possible debate with Humphrey and Wallace , as well as between running mates , on the basis that he did not want to give Wallace more exposure . It was also argued that Nixon opposed debating due to his experience during the 1960 encounter with John F. Kennedy , which many cited as a factor in his defeat . In another lesson learned from 1960 , the campaign employed 100 @,@ 000 workers to oversee election day polling sites to prevent a recurrence of what many Republicans viewed as 1960 's stolen election . Nixon went on a whistle @-@ stop train tour of Ohio near the end of October . From the back of the " Nixon Victory Special " car , he <unk> Vice President Humphrey as well as the Secretary of Agriculture and Attorney General of the Johnson cabinet , for farmers ' debt and rising crime . At this time , the campaign released two controversial television advertisements , juxtaposing a smiling Humphrey with images of the Vietnam War and the chaos at the 1968 Democratic National Convention ; the advertisements aroused protests from the Humphrey
We ate two pieces of bread before his salad arrived and he had almost finished it when the rest of
I mean its like every guy I seeI
Josh is great behind the bar and the rest of the bar staff shares his vision.
I answered his questions and I
7760	There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his
Once the paint had dried, I realized that Jimmy had not cut in the new color or cleaned up the wall paper and paint drippings from his
 In the final ballot on May 19 , 1769 Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli was elected to the papacy receiving all votes except of his own , which he gave to Carlo Rezzonico , nephew of Clement XIII and one of the leaders of Zelanti . He took the name of Clement XIV , in honour of Clement XIII , who had elevated him to the <unk>
' Davie's life completely embodies his
Not to mention, he had the dress ready for me at 2:30 that day.
In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
 As Honorary Secretary of the British Academy , Wheeler focused on increasing the organisation 's revenues , thus enabling it to expand its remit . He developed personal relationships with various employees at the British Treasury , and offered the Academy 's services as an <unk> in dealing with the Egypt Exploration Society , the British School at Athens , the British School at Rome , the British School at <unk> , the British School in Iraq , and the British School at Jerusalem , all of which were then directly funded independently by the Treasury . Accepting this offer , the Treasury agreed to double its funding of the Academy to £ 5 @,@ 000 a year . <unk> various charitable foundations , from 1955 Wheeler also secured funding from both the Pilgrim Trust and the <unk> Foundation , and in
 In the 2009 Friends Provident Trophy , the first one @-@ day competition in the English domestic calendar , Somerset showed a marked improvement from the previous season . They were described by Steve James , writing in Wisden , as " the most impressive qualifiers " from the group stage , and both Trescothick and Kieswetter were praised for their batting form . They were the only side in the competition to remain unbeaten in the group stages , finishing with seven victories and one no result . In the quarter @-@ final , against Group C runners @-@ up Sussex , Somerset won the toss and opted to bat at Taunton . They struggled initially , losing the early wickets of Trescothick , James Hildreth and Ben Phillips for just 39 runs . A fourth @-@ wicket partnership of 167 , dominated by powerful hitting from Kieswetter in which he scored a " superb century " according
 On 18 March , the Cambodian National Assembly deposed Sihanouk and named Lon Nol as provisional head of state . This led Sihanouk to immediately establish a government @-@ in @-@ exile in Beijing and to ally himself with North Vietnam , the Khmer Rouge , the NLF , and the <unk> <unk> Lao . In doing so , Sihanouk lent his name and popularity in the rural areas of Cambodia to a movement over which he had little control . The North Vietnamese response to the coup was swift . PAVN began directly supplying large amounts of weapons and advisors to the Khmer Rouge , and Cambodia plunged into civil
he asked what we had and then suggested next time be more adventurous,
 In January 1937 , First Division club Everton paid Burnley £ 6 @,@ 500 to secure Lawton 's services , and also gave his grandfather a job as deputy <unk> at Goodison Park ; the fee was a record for a player under 21 . The move to Everton made him a teammate of Dixie Dean , his <unk> idol , who he was expected to gradually replace as first choice centre @-@ forward . He later recalled that on his way to Goodison Park on his first day as an Everton player he was told by a tram conductor that " You 're that young Lawton , aren 't you ? You 'll never be as good as Dixie . " Dean was finally rested on 13 February , which allowed Lawton to make his first team debut against Wolverhampton Wanderers at <unk> ; the match ended in a 6 – 2 defeat , though Lawton scored a penalty . He spent the rest of the season at inside @-@ left , with Dean at centre @-@ forward , and ended the 1936 – 37 campaign with four goals in 11 games . He started the 1937 – 38 season in the Reserves , but was installed as first choice centre @-@ forward in September after Dean was dropped for punching club secretary <unk> Kelly . On 2 October , Lawton scored the winning penalty in a 2 – 1 victory over Merseyside derby rivals Liverpool
The bartender helping us seemed like he had no use of his own brain.
The husband and the wife met in a Chinese restaurant, said Mr Justice Mostyn, in his ruling.
 Trinsey argued that , by failing to allow for primaries , the state legislation prevented him from getting to select a candidate of his choice , and that this violated the Fourteenth Amendment ; the terms of the statute ( and absence of a requirement for primaries ) also allegedly <unk> the rights of the electorate under the Seventeenth Amendment , which required the selection of Senators by popular vote ; Trinsey 's complaint was that the legislation had effectively delegated the power to choose candidates to political parties rather than the electorate
I think for one of my dogs it was better because while he got blood drawn
 Nirvana biographer Everett True wrote an <unk> unfavorable review in Melody Maker , accusing the single of being a cash @-@ in on Nevermind 's success . " <unk> <unk> bloody <unk> " , he wrote , " <unk> me if I don 't sound too thrilled . This release is stretching even my <unk> beyond repair . Like , milking a still @-@ breathing ( sacred ) cow , or what ? <unk> inferior live versions of ' Polly ' and ' Sliver ' on the flip don 't help matters either . " In 2011 Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song number 415 on its list of the " 500
 Eric <unk> served as director of photography ; he joined the team during a shift in focus in January 2008 . <unk> used a <unk> AG @-@ <unk> <unk> HD <unk> . He commented to industry publication <unk> about the choice of technique , that due to the intensity of the production team 's travel schedule tape format would not have been an option . He stated he preferred using <unk> cards over the <unk> @-@ based format due to its superior reliability . During the editing process , Glen Echo Entertainment utilized eight Apple Macintosh computers with Intel processors , equipped with Apple 's Final Cut
I was there with another guy friend so it was clearly not
 The first permanent European settlements on the island were constructed around 1816 by the pirate Louis @-@ Michel Aury as a base of operations to support Mexico 's rebellion against Spain . In 1817 , Aury returned from an unsuccessful raid against Spain to find Galveston occupied by the pirate Jean Lafitte . Lafitte organized Galveston into a pirate " kingdom " he called " Campeche " , <unk> himself the island 's " head of government . " Lafitte remained in Galveston until 1821 , when he and his raiders were forced off the island
 Opinions about the song have been mixed . AllMusic critic Thomas Ward calls it " one of the great good @-@ time songs in Dylan 's canon " . Ward comments that " Dylan sings it as if he is having the time of his life " , adding that " rarely has he sung with such expressiveness " . Anthony <unk> , author of The Bob Dylan Albums , similarly praises the song 's " breadth of feeling " and " unparalleled expressiveness " , noting that " it appears Dylan simply improvised the song on the spot , and the passion within him allows the song to flow forth naturally " . Biographer John <unk> has described the song as " delightful " , while a New York Times review rates it one of the highlights of Volume 2 of The Bootleg Series Volumes 1 – 3 , commenting that it is one of only a couple of mid @-@ 60s songs on the compilation that " live up to their vintage " . Griffin describes it as " catchy but slight " and " a slight if charming little ditty " , but criticizes the decision to include it on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1 – 3 rather than the " masterpiece " composition " Sign on the Cross " . Heylin <unk> , characterizing " Santa @-@ Fe " in 1995 as a " pleasant enough <unk> " but suggesting that " Sign on the Cross " or another 1967 composition , " I 'm Not There " , would have been much better choices ( " I 'm Not There " was eventually released in 2007 on the I 'm Not There soundtrack , and both it and " Sign on the Cross " were included on The Basement Tapes Raw and The Basement Tapes Complete in 2014 ) . By 2009 , Heylin 's opinion had changed little and he writes that " of all the ' missing ' basement @-@ tape originals that appear on that three @-@ CD set , ' Santa Fe ' hardly represented an A @-@ list candidate . Just another discarded ditty , it relies on the usual wordplay and <unk> diction to obscure any <unk> to a deeper meaning " . Marcus dismisses it as no more than " a riff " , while a review in <unk> magazine calls it " the most lightweight tune on all three CDs , with <unk> lyrics " . Author Peter James , referring to Dylan and the Band 's Woodstock output , writes that " many great songs were written and recorded in [ Big Pink 's ] basement in 1967 , unfortunately ' <unk> @-@ Fe ' is not one of them . " He goes on to describe the song 's inclusion on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1 – 3
No! He blew
 The rhyme does not explicitly state that the subject is an egg , possibly because it may have been originally posed as a riddle . There are also various theories of an original " Humpty Dumpty " . One , advanced by Katherine <unk> Thomas in 1930 and adopted by Robert Ripley , posits that Humpty Dumpty is King Richard III of England , depicted as <unk> in Tudor histories and particularly in Shakespeare 's play , and who was defeated , despite his armies , at Bosworth Field in <unk> . 
 The 1968 presidential campaign of Richard Nixon , the 36th Vice President of the United States , began when Nixon , the Republican nominee of 1960 , formally announced his candidacy following a year 's preparation and five
 The Washington Post 's Stuever has many complaints about the show including the fact that it is about Washington , DC , but filmed in Baltimore . He
He then said he made a mistake and might have hit his spleen with the
330	Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck --
10484	McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film ,
He gives me a card, with his cell to let him know if they get it right.
 When his journal was published in 1646 , it was accompanied by an engraving which is now known to have been copied after one of the dodos in the Flemish painter <unk> Savery 's " <unk> Art Gallery sketch " . Since Bontekoe was shipwrecked and lost all his belongings after visiting Réunion in 1619 , he may not have written his account until he returned to Holland , seven years later , which would put its reliability in question . He may have concluded in <unk> that it was a
but the check said "khutso C."  Sooo, I think his name
 Two weeks prior to the NHL trade deadline , Columbus announced that unlike earlier in the season , they would listen to trade proposals involving Rick Nash , though they were not actively shopping him . Howson stated that the team was open to all options for improving the team , including trading Nash . <unk> was that in return for Nash the Blue Jackets would ask for a " combination of young , proven players , high @-@ end prospects and draft picks . " Leading up to the trade deadline , the Blue Jackets dealt Antoine <unk> to the Phoenix Coyotes for two draft picks and goaltender Curtis <unk> . Despite being injured at the time , the acquisition of <unk> was believed to give Columbus the flexibility to trade Curtis Sanford . The following day , on February 23 , Columbus traded Jeff Carter to the Kings . In the deal , Columbus acquired defenseman Jack Johnson and a first @-@ round draft pick ; the team was given the choice of taking the pick in either 2012 or 2013 . At the deadline , Columbus was unable to come to terms on a deal involving Nash , but they did make one more move ; they sent center Samuel <unk> to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for two fourth @-@ round draft picks and minor league defenseman Taylor Ellington . Following the trade deadline , Howson announced that the team had attempted to trade Nash at the player 's request . Nash stated that he had requested the trade after being informed that the franchise was going into another rebuilding phase . He further noted that he felt that he " could be a huge part of that towards bringing assets in , " and in his view " it was the best thing for the team , the organization , and personally for [ his
He climbed into someone's
He delivered on his
 On 1 May <unk> , an expedition of <unk> @-@ Norman knights with an army of about six hundred landed at <unk> Strand in present @-@ day County Wexford . It was led by Richard de Clare , called <unk> due to his prowess as an archer . The invasion , which coincided with a period of renewed Norman expansion , was at the invitation of <unk> Mac <unk> , the king
 Wheeler retained an active interest in the running of these British institutions abroad ; in 1967 he visited the British School in Jerusalem amid the Six @-@ Day War between Israel and its Arab neighbours , and in January 1968 visited the Persian institute with the archaeologist Max Mallowan and Mallowan 's wife <unk> Christie , there inspecting the excavations at <unk> . In 1969 he proceeded to the Italian city of Rome to inspect the British School there . That year , he resigned as
The front desk staff is always sweet and I believe his name is Jon?
 During its limited use as a first @-@ class cricket ground , only one century was scored on the ground , by Jim Parks . During the 1937 match , he scored 140 runs for Sussex . The most wickets taken by a bowler in a match at West Hendford was achieved in 1938 , when Hampshire 's Stuart <unk> took twelve wickets ,
3413	All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
Our range safety officer's name was James and he was extremely
The drinks he brought out were so delicious and
 The crime gained national notoriety for the particularly brutal way in which Pryce was murdered , only metres from his own home , and had only his Oyster card and mobile phone taken from him , but no money ( the case being widely reported as an example of steaming ) . The murderers were later tracked down when the police examined CCTV footage of where the Oyster card was used after the murder . The crime caused a political uproar and condemnation of railway station security . The Tom ap Rhys Pryce Memorial Trust was set up after the murder
 The neutrino was a <unk> particle first proposed theoretically by Wolfgang <unk> on December 4 , 1930 , to explain undetected energy that escaped during beta decay when neutron decayed into a proton and an electron so that the law of conservation of energy was not violated . Enrico Fermi renamed it the neutrino , Italian for " little neutral one " , and in 1934 , proposed his theory of beta decay which explained that the electrons emitted from the nucleus were created by the
He is so cute.  So, where did you
Starting to resent my boyfriend for his financial expectations when we make such different
 Noel Murray of The A. V. Club was generally favorable to the episode , giving it a B + . He wrote , " Much like Fringe fan favorite ' The <unk> ' ( not a favorite of mine , sorry to say ) , ' The Dreamscape ' is an episode more involved with <unk> and mythology @-@ building than with telling a complete @-@ in @-@ one story . But perhaps because I 've come to trust Fringe more over its recent run of entertaining episodes , I enjoyed it fairly well , and found myself trying to figure out what kind of thematic connections I could make using the notion of the body reacting to mere thoughts . " Travis Fickett of IGN rated the episode 7 @.@ 8 / 10 , explaining that it " certainly moves in the right direction " . Fickett found the " <unk> moment " to be when Olivia witnesses John Scott 's memory , and he also appreciated Peter 's backstory ( " It 's more than Peter usually gets , but what we know isn 't much and isn 't very exciting . " ) . Fickett criticized Olivia however for leaving the man at the hospital <unk> protected
Shorty sits by the door so he greets everyone and make sure at the customer is taking care
 In 1862 , the Italian government under Prime Minister <unk> <unk> and his naval minister Carlo <unk> di <unk> made the decision to build a fleet of ironclad warships . The Italian fleet had already acquired a pair of small , French @-@ built armored frigates of the <unk> class , and two more vessels of the Re d 'Italia class had been ordered from the United States . Five more ironclads were ordered from foreign shipyards , three wooden steam frigates already under construction were converted into armored ships , and four more ironclads were ordered from Italian shipyards . The two Principe Amedeo @-@ class ships were the last two of this first generation of Italian ironclads . The design for Principe Amedeo was prepared by Inspector Engineer Giuseppe De Luca . He had initially planned on using entirely wooden hulls for the ships , but had changed to composite wood and iron construction by the time the ships were
So my buddy Dan and I go to one of his old local favorites Haji-Baba.
 The new bishop accompanied Peter des Roches , the Bishop of Winchester , on a pilgrimage in 1221 . Because des Roches travelled to Spain to the shrine of St James at Compostela , and it is known that Foliot accompanied him , the statement by a medieval chronicler from <unk> that Foliot 's destination was not certain , being either Rome or Compostela , should be discounted . 
 The Lightning signed Cullen to a one @-@ year , $ 500 @,@ 000 contract for the 1998 – 99 season . He played his first game in nearly 18 months on September 18 , 1998 , in an exhibition game between the Lightning and Sabres at <unk> , Austria . Cullen scored the game @-@ winning goal in a 3 – 1 victory , after which he said he sat on the bench in <unk> over how he was given a second chance . He was named to the roster and was greeted with a loud standing ovation by the fans in Tampa
 Weir 's health had not completely recovered by the time he embarked for Egypt , and he rejoined his battalion on 4 March 1916 . After his departure , the 10th had fought through the remainder of the campaign before being withdrawn along with the rest of the Allied force in December 1915 . The battalion was subsequently moved back to Egypt . In mid @-@ 1916 , the bulk of the AIF was transferred to the Western Front , and Weir led the 10th Battalion through July and August 1916 during the Battles of Pozières and Mouquet Farm . At Pozières , the battalion suffered 350 casualties in four days . By the time of the battle , Weir was the only original battalion commander remaining in the 1st Australian Division , and had turned 50 years of age . On 23 August , immediately after Mouquet Farm , Weir was
A few weeks back I got my hair cut by Mustafa and It was wonderful as he gave me exactly what I wanted.
 Another project Townsend has mentioned several times between 2009 and 2012 is <unk> , an album featuring " creepy , bass driven apocalyptic music " created with an " <unk> rig " and an " Icelandic choir " . Working with many projects simultaneously at that time , Townsend stated in 2012 the <unk> project is vying for pole position until " he wakes
 Fantasy fiction author John Shirley is credited in making three Hellblazer novels , including the <unk> of the Constantine film . The novel Hellblazer : War Lord features Constantine talking about " another John Constantine in an alternate universe , [ who ] has black hair and lives most of his life in Los Angeles " whilst giving a brief summary of
In addition, he offers plenty of other options like personal
Guy I've been seeing (22m) fucked me (20f)
He said he hopes Farrow was able to watch his news
2917	Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy
That includes surprise call-up Julian Green, the 19-year-old Bayern Munich winger who hasn't seen any action but turned heads when he was named to the final roster and
Don has been an outstanding MP and will be hugely missed by his constituents and his colleagues in parliament.
 As the Luftwaffe meteorological centre in Paris had predicted two weeks of <unk> weather , some Wehrmacht commanders were away from the front attending war games in Rennes , and many soldiers had been given leave . On D @-@ Day , Rommel was in Germany for his wife 's birthday and a meeting with Hitler to try to get more <unk> . The 352nd and 716th Divisions were placed on high alert after the Allied airborne landings , which had taken just after midnight behind Utah and Sword . The 2 @,@ 700 @-@ strong <unk> Meyer , near Bayeux as the divisional reserve , was sent to investigate the parachute
Instead of having to go inside and deal with the cashier he had took our
 Chen felt that the reason that Cloud had been so warmly received was because the emotions it sparked in players were different than any other game available at the time , and believed that it was his " calling " to make more games that changed what people saw video games as . Chen went on to do his master 's thesis the following year in the concept of dynamic difficulty adjustment , where the game <unk> how it reacts to the player based on the past and present actions of that player . Chen illustrated his ideas with Flow , a Flash game made with Nicholas Clark . The game involves the player guiding an aquatic <unk> through various depths of the ocean , consuming other organisms and evolving in the process . It was released in March 2006 ; it received
 Reactions to the new freeway were not all positive . In a special editorial in the The Grand Rapids Press after the freeway opened in 2004 , local resident Curt <unk> summarized the criticisms of the new freeway . He cited the loss of rural farmland and wetlands as a negative effect of the highway . The editorial also discussed that the freeway does decrease travel
 Rolling Stone ranked " Imagine " number three on its list of " The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time " , describing it as " an enduring hymn of <unk> and promise that has carried us through extreme grief , from the shock of Lennon 's own death in 1980 to the <unk> horror of September 11th . It is now impossible to imagine a world without ' Imagine ' , and we need it more than he ever dreamed . " Despite that sentiment , <unk> Channel Communications included the song on its post @-@ 9 / 11 "
 With Varrick having spent 18 million dollars defending itself and the mass tort bar having <unk> discredited Krayoxx in the mass media , Karros <unk> for frivolous lawsuit sanctions pending a withdrawn motion . Additionally , actions were initiated for legal <unk> regarding Wally 's letters that promised 2 million dollar settlement followed by motions to dismiss without notifying his clients . After realizing that they could be sued for defense costs and <unk> for withdrawing the case , Finley & Figg withdraw their motions and agree to a jury trial that they believe to be futile . The trial opens as originally scheduled . During opening statements , Oscar suffered a <unk> <unk> . Wally attempted to make light of the situation by proclaiming it an example of Krayoxx effects . Karros moved for <unk> and the motion was granted , leading to the need to pick a new jury . Wally stood in for Oscar as lead attorney while a new jury was seated and for the first day of testimony . The next day , the recovering
Owner always says hello and he is down to earth.
My [48 M] son [15 M] and step-son
We reported it to arcade/projectionist Guy  & he made
"I [21/F] don’t think I’m in love with him [22/M] anymore mainly due to his work ethic. But, what if the grass
 " S.R. 819 " first aired in the United States on January 17 , 1999 . This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ 1 , meaning that roughly 9 @.@ 1 percent of all television @-@ equipped households were tuned in to the episode . It was viewed by 15 @.@ 7 million viewers . The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on May 2 , 1999 and received 690 @,@ 000 viewers , making it the second most watched episode that week . Fox promoted the episode with the tagline " He has 24 hours to solve his own murder ... or die . " The episode was nominated for three 2000 Emmy Awards by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for Outstanding Music Composition
 Wilhelm was one of eleven children born to poor tenant farmers John and <unk> ( née Stanley ) Wilhelm in <unk> , North Carolina . He played baseball at Cornelius High School in Cornelius , North Carolina . There , he began experimenting with a knuckleball after reading about pitcher Dutch Leonard . He felt that ,
I get my haircut every week by the owner (Michael), he also go by Shorty.
The owner goes to great lengths to get the highest quality beans he can find and it shows
He didn't even
 However much it was believed , the king 's divine status was the rationale for his role as Egypt 's representative to the gods , as he formed a link between the divine and human realms . The Egyptians believed the gods needed temples to dwell in , as well as the periodic performance of rituals and presentation of offerings to <unk> them . These things were provided by the cults that the king oversaw , with their priests and laborers . Yet , according to royal ideology , temple @-@ building was exclusively the pharaoh 's work , as were the rituals that priests usually performed in his stead . These acts were a part of the king 's fundamental role : maintaining maat . The king and the nation he represented provided the gods with maat so they could
I also ordered a burrito for my brother once and he now goes there
 Abu @-@ Jamal became involved in black nationalism in his youth and was a member of the Black Panther Party until October 1970 , after which he became a radio journalist , eventually becoming president of the Philadelphia Association of Black Journalists . On December 9 , 1981 , Faulkner was fatally shot while conducting a routine traffic stop of Abu @-@ Jamal 's brother , William Cook . Abu @-@ Jamal was found at the scene with a bullet wound from Faulkner 's gun and his own discharged revolver beside him . He was arrested and charged with Faulkner 's
In fact I didn't finish it (and I'm the type of guy will choke down almost any food I've
 When Dylan made his move from acoustic folk and blues music to a rock backing , the mix became more complex . For many critics , his greatest achievement was the cultural synthesis exemplified by his mid @-@ 1960s trilogy of albums — Bringing It All Back Home
With the top two teams in each group qualifying automatically for the expanded 24-team finals in France, Irish expectations will be high although the Derry man could reasonably point out that a number of sides in Pot 3 and even Pot 4 are now above his group in the FIFA
 Critics of the logical approach noted , as Dreyfus had , that human beings rarely used logic when they solved problems . Experiments by <unk> like Peter <unk> , Eleanor <unk> , Amos <unk> , Daniel <unk> and others provided proof . McCarthy responded that what people do is irrelevant . He argued that what is really needed are machines
 " He ( Carlyle ) often makes comparisons between men and machines , and even trees and machines , greatly to the disadvantage of the latter . For example , ' O , that we could displace the machine god and put a man god in his place ! ' and ' I find no <unk> of
Wish I would've have listened to the guy in
 Berhtwald 's period as archbishop coincided with the end of Wilfrid 's long struggle to regain the Bishopric of York , and the two @-@ year delay between Theodore 's death and Berhtwald 's election may have been due to efforts to select Wilfrid for Canterbury . After his election , Berhtwald went to Gaul for consecration and then presided over two councils that attempted to settle the Wilfrid issue , finally succeeding at the second council in 705 .
 The scattered remnants of the American rear <unk> made their way toward <unk> in order to rejoin the main army . <unk> by Fraser 's scouts and Indians , and without food or shelter , it took some of them five days to reach the army , which was by then nearing Fort Edward . Others , including Colonel Hale and a detachment of 70 men , were captured by the British as they <unk> up the scene . Colonel Francis , in a sign of respect from his
 Sisler began the 1958 spring training in spectacular form , pitching a total of nine <unk> innings and allowed just one <unk> in 28 batters faced ; the last 27 in order . However , he finished the spring with two consecutive losses , including one to the Pittsburgh Pirates , with whom his father was a special assistant to their manager . He opened the regular season with a complete game victory against the Yankees on April 16 . On May 2 , he pitched his only career complete game shutout , a 6 – 0 victory against the Detroit Tigers and future Hall of Famer Jim <unk> , improving his record to 3 – 1 for the season . Over the next two months , his average innings pitched declined during his starts , and on several occasions he entered the game in
3486	... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter
So I've asked for that day and he said "well, I don't want to book you in and
For people (unlike myself at the time) who are doing the proper research, John O's review is 1000% accurate.
But the only thing that matters to him - that has ever really mattered to him - is to get into the zone of his inner creativity, where inexplicable, 'miraculous' (a favourite Davie word)
3069	The Son Of The Bride 's humour is
 Before his visit , he called upon Senator Edward Brooke of Massachusetts , the highest ranking African American in U.S. government , to campaign with him on trips to Illinois and California . Referring to Brooke as " one of my top advisers , " he accompanied campaign stops in Chicago and San Francisco , a move critics described as an attempt to further gain favor within
Soon as we walked in and checking out their menu one of the employees, Soo (pretty sure that is not you spell his name
3887	When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're
Since our server was busy handling the next table's issue, he just brought us the bill without offering
 In 2014 , Nesbitt had the lead role as the father character Tony Hughes in <unk> BBC drama series The Missing , alongside Frances O 'Connor ( as his wife / ex @-@ wife , Emily Hughes / Walsh ) and <unk> <unk> ( as Julien Baptiste , leading French police investigator ) . The drama focused on a British married couple , whose son goes missing while they are on holiday in France , and the subsequent years of enquiry trying
We would love to have played a lower league team and blood some younger players, but once that name comes out of the hat -- Arsenal at the Emirates -- it's impossible to do that, he
My father ended up taking his items there for alterations because he was so
So Danny asked us if we had another race, him remembering that we gave
At first he refused to call them, saying they wouldn't be
"When my boyfriend [28m] and I [26F] argue, he tends to get super angry and say really awful things. We have been together for almost 3 years."
He took my dish and
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to
The professor said his 23-year-old son had wanted the device as a
I [26/F] don't want to see my Dad [50/M] pervert friend[60/M] just because he
Our waiter was fantastic - helped guide us to some of his favorites
 York mostly occupied the bottom half of the table before the turn of the year , and dropped as low as 23rd in September 2013 . During February 2014 the team broke into the top half of the table and with one match left were in sixth @-@ place . York 's defensive record was the third best in League Two with 41 goals conceded , bettered only by Southend ( 39 ) and Chesterfield ( 40 ) . Davies made the highest number of appearances over the season , appearing in 47 of York 's 52 matches . Fletcher was York 's top scorer in the league and in all competitions , with 10 league goals and 13 in total . He was the only player to reach double figures , and was followed by Jarvis with nine goals
He was able to jump my car but after running diagnostics found my battery
 Described as a " masterpiece of Gupta @-@ Chalukyan art " , the most important sculpture in the caves is the Trimurti , carved in relief at the back of the cave facing the entrance , on the north @-@ south axis . It is also known as Trimurti <unk> and <unk> . The image , 6 m ( 20 ft ) in height , depicts a three @-@ headed Shiva , representing <unk> Shiva . The three heads are said to represent three essential aspects of Shiva : creation , protection , and destruction . The right half @-@ face ( west face ) shows him as a young person with sensuous lips , <unk> life and its vitality . In his hand he holds an object resembling a <unk> , depicting the promise of life and creativity . This face is closest to that of Brahma , the creator or <unk> or <unk> , the feminine side of Shiva and creator of joy and beauty . The left half @-@ face ( east face ) is that of a <unk> young man , displaying anger . This is Shiva as the terrifying <unk> or Bhairava , the one whose anger can <unk> the entire world in flames , leaving only ashes behind . This is also known as <unk> @-@ Shiva , the Destroyer . The central face , benign and <unk> , resembles the <unk> Vishnu . This is <unk> , " master of positive and negative principles of existence and
He has lost passion for the restaurant business(if he ever had it), and treats people like animals who can't discern quality food.
Late Saturday I called Allstate and he was easy to talk to on the phone and assured me he would be at my house between 7 and
When I originally went to pickup my car after the initial installation the owner was working on another car where the owner blamed him for the window getting jammed up and coming off track after getting his
 Federer is one of the highest @-@ earning athletes in the world . He is listed at number five on Forbes World 's Highest <unk> Athletes list . As of 2013 , he remains the top <unk> in tennis with ten endorsement deals . He makes 40 to 50 million euros a year from prize money and endorsements from Nike and the Swiss companies
 Nevertheless , Meyerbeer 's last years saw the composition of a good deal of non @-@ operatic music , including a Coronation March for William I of Prussia , ( 1861 ) , an overture for the 1862 International <unk> in London , and incidental music ( now lost ) to Henry Blaze de Bury 's play La <unk> de <unk> ( 1860 ) . He composed
 After the Jin incursion that almost captured Gaozong , the sovereign ordered pacification commissioner Zhang Jun ( <unk> – 1164 ) , who was in charge of Shaanxi and Sichuan in the far west , to attack the Jin there to relieve pressure on the court . Zhang put together a large army , but was defeated by Wuzhu near Xi 'an in late 1130 . Wuzhu advanced further west into Gansu , and drove as far south as <unk> ( <unk> , modern <unk> ) . The most important battles between Jin and Song in 1131 and 1132 took place in Shaanxi , Gansu , and Sichuan . The Jin lost two battles at <unk> Yuan in 1131 . After failing to enter Sichuan , Wuzhu retreated to Yanjing . He returned to the western front again from 1132 to <unk> . The
 Orioles catchers had difficulty catching the Wilhelm knuckleball again in 1959 and they set an MLB record with 49 passed balls . During one April game , catcher Gus Triandos had four passed balls while catching for Wilhelm and he described the game as " the <unk> day I ever put in during my life . " Author Bill James has written that Wilhelm and Triandos " established the principle
I told him it said that to call if within a two hour period, he said he doesn't care what it says and they only take appointments until 3 and to call
I ordered the corn tortilla soup and man it was spicy and
Super friendly owner, he
 The names on the list are the names who have carved their legends in the month of October ... We know their names because October was their kind of month , and they belong on that list because they once did something very few pitchers have ever done . They all won four starts in the same postseason . And now they have company ... a 24 @-@ year @-@ old left @-@ <unk> named Cole Hamels . And with every time the Phillies handed him the baseball in October 2009 , it became more apparent that he is one of the sports ' most
Dr. Dre is actually a huge force at Apple — he talks
 R. C. Kamalakannan was the VFX producer of this film . Magadheera was the first Telugu film in which the position of " Visual Effects Producer " was used in the credits . He was assisted by a team of five experts from abroad and a 62 dedicated group members apart from 130 people from the company <unk> in Chennai and Hyderabad .
It is essentially named after the wealthiest business man
When we called to complain the young man
I also asked about a Yelp check-in deal to get a free dessert with my meal, but the server never got back to me after asking his manager.
 Somerset 's first match of the 2009 NatWest Pro40 , against Nottinghamshire , ended just one over short of the requirement for a match . Chasing <unk> to win , Somerset were significantly behind the required rate when rain halted play in the ninth over . The side responded positively to this stroke of luck , winning their next three matches by significant margins , before losing to Essex . Having been put in to bat at Taunton , each of Somerset 's top six batsman reached double figures , but none of them managed to pass 50 and the home side were eventually all out for 205 . Despite taking early wickets during Essex 's innings — at one stage having the visitors 12 / 3 — the batting of John <unk> , James Foster and Tim Phillips propelled Essex past Somerset 's total with five balls remaining . Two further victories ensured that
Chef Morimoto himself was behind the sushi bar hard at
He definitely didn't bring anything to tide our hunger
 Nine demos were recorded at The Mill studio in September 2003 by Paul McCartney and his touring band . A month later , in October , album sessions for Memory Almost Full began , and were produced by David Kahne and recorded at Abbey Road Studios . McCartney and the band recorded the songs " You Tell Me " , " Only Mama Knows " , " Vintage Clothes " , " That Was Me " , " Feet in the Clouds " , " House of Wax " , " The End of the End " , and " Whole Life " . However , the sessions were cut short and put on hiatus when McCartney started another album , Chaos and Creation in the Backyard , with producer Nigel <unk> . In the website constructed for the album , McCartney stated : " I actually started this album , Memory Almost Full , before my last album Chaos and Creation in the Backyard , released September 2005 . ( ... ) When I was just finishing up everything concerned with Chaos and had just got the Grammy nominations ( 2006 ) I realised I had this album to go back to and finish off . So I got it out to listen to it again , wondering if I would enjoy it , but actually I really loved it . All I did at first was just listen to a couple of things and then I began to think , ' OK , I like that track – now , what is wrong with it ? ' And it might be something like a drum sound , so then I would re @-@ drum and see where we would get to . ( ... ) In places it 's a very personal record and a lot of it
6) He did not complain about the cramped work space and cleaned up everything when he
He was very attentive and accommodating to my
 Edward Grant Barrow ( May 10 , 1868 – December 15 , 1953 ) was an American manager and front office executive in Major League Baseball . He served as the field manager of the Detroit Tigers and Boston Red Sox . He served as business manager ( de facto general manager ) of the New York Yankees from 1921 to 1939 and as team president from 1939 to 1945 , and is credited with building
Um, found out he is one of the owners.
 The design of <unk> @-@ 4 , the surface ship design bureau of the Baltic Shipyard , was selected for further development although the lead designers were convinced that only a larger ship could fulfill the ambitious requirements . They did manage to get agreement on 22 November 1936 for a <unk> of the deck armor that raised the displacement to about 47 @,@ 000 tons . Design work continued on this basis and technical work was completed for a ship of 47 @,@ 700 tons in April 1937 , but the designers continued to press their case for larger ships . The issue was resolved by Premier Stalin at a meeting on 4 July when he
In 1999 he traveled to Cuba to receive the Order of Félix Varela, Cuba's highest cultural award, for his humanistic and artistic work
10168	After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clichÃ© has been unturned
 In Connecticut , the storm was described as being more significant than anticipated . Gale @-@ force wind gusts , reaching 70 miles per hour ( 110 km / h ) , blew across the state from the northeast and later from the east . Trees , tree limbs , and power lines were downed , causing damage to property and vehicles . The high winds caused widespread power outages , affecting up to 130 @,@ 000 electric customers . As a result , electric companies sought help from as far as Pennsylvania and Maine to restore electricity . Bruno <unk> , a spokesman for Northeast Utilities , reported that " We 've had outages in virtually every community . " In New Haven , the nor 'easter ripped three barges from their <unk> . One of the barges traveled across the Long Island Sound and ran aground near Port Jefferson , New York . A man in Milford was killed indirectly when a tree that was partially downed by the storm fell on him during an attempt to remove it from a relative 's yard . Northeast Utilities , which reported the majority of the power outages , estimated storm damage in the state to be about $ 6 – $ 8 million ( 1994 USD ; $
893	`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male
In a post to the Syria Comment website, he added: In case ISIS's ambitions to a global caliphate were
My husband got the steak wrap with hummus, lettuce, tabbouleh, tzatziki, and rice and he said he was really good as well.
The court heard that Mr Safdar could have bled to death from his severe injuries, but despite his wounds he was able to bundle Liddell out
In the beginning of the class he went around and introduced himself to everyone which
But I dig it you know, because I'm a Gyro guy and that was one of the best Gyros
 Bosi had previously been head chef and won a Michelin star at the <unk> <unk> restaurant , just outside the town . He had intended to open a restaurant in Warwickshire , but found the premises too expensive and
 Zartan invites the world leaders to a summit at historic Fort <unk> , where he blackmails them into <unk> their nuclear <unk> , and reveals that he has created Project Zeus : seven orbital <unk> bombardment weapons of mass destruction at his command . He destroys central London to prove his superiority , and threatens to destroy other capitals if the countries don 't submit to Cobra . Storm Shadow betrays Cobra Commander and kills Zartan , revealing Cobra 's deception to the world leaders . While Snake Eyes , Jinx , and Flint fight Cobra 's soldiers , Cobra Commander activates
We paid the incompetent man 500$ and today
 Villa were back among the elite as Saunders continued to mould a winning team . This culminated in a seventh top @-@ flight league title in 1980 – 81 . To the surprise of commentators and fans , Saunders quit halfway through the 1981 – 82 season , after falling out with the chairman , with Villa in the quarter final of the European Cup . He was replaced by his <unk> @-@ spoken assistant manager Tony Barton who guided the club to a 1 – 0 victory over Bayern Munich in
 After consulting with Michael Kaufmann and Lowell <unk> of Asthmatic Kitty about the amount of material he had recorded , Stevens decided against a double album , saying that would be " arrogant " . In 2006
 The first stage of building of the tower , as recorded by Leo XIII in his <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> of 1891 , is credited to Pope Gregory XIII , Pope from <unk> to <unk> . The directive was to build a tower
Chalke had previously told residents he believed a live Question Time-style
I definitely give them credit for being willing to take us further than the strip so we could have a great night without having to pay for a cab (we tipped the guy well).
John Anthony the shuttle driver was also very friendly, accommodating and did an excellent job shuttling us.
 In 1978 , Peshkin moved to an Illinois community of 50 @,@ 000 people that he <unk> called <unk> , where he stayed and observed for 18 months . He lived in an apartment within the home of a family associated with what he called the Bethany Baptist church . Peshkin studied their 350 @-@ student K – 12 Christian day school , Bethany Baptist Academy ( also a pseudonym ) . The school opened six years prior with 88 students and was one of over one thousand members of the American Association of Christian Schools . The study focuses on the 125 students in the junior – senior high school . After a semester , Peshkin began to interview the community members , and used their quotes to let them " speak for themselves " . The book includes eight portraits of students — four from faith and four " <unk> " who " consciously deviate " — as well as student and teacher survey data , displayed in 16 tables . An <unk>
 Barrow became manager of the Boston Red Sox in 1918 . As the team lost many of its better players during World War I , Barrow encouraged owner Harry Frazee to purchase <unk> <unk> , Wally <unk> , Bullet Joe Bush , and Amos <unk> from the Philadelphia Athletics for $ 75 @,@ 000 ( $ 1 @,@ 179 @,@ <unk> in current dollar terms ) . During the season , Barrow feuded with his assistant , Johnny Evers , who undermined Barrow 's leadership . The Red Sox won the 1918 World Series . <unk> that star pitcher Babe Ruth was also a great power hitter , Barrow had Ruth pinch hit on days when he wasn 't scheduled to pitch . When Ruth told Barrow that he could only pitch or hit , Barrow decided that Ruth 's bat was more useful than his pitching , and transitioned him from a pitcher into an <unk> . Ruth had a public dispute with
 McMaster resigned in 1991 , having led the company to international status , with performances at La <unk> , Milan ; the Metropolitan Opera , New York ; and in Tokyo . One of the last legacies of his tenure was the 1992 production of Debussy 's
Trump’s business sought deal on a Trump Tower in Moscow while he
Not to mention his
"Roy Moore Just Blamed His Sexual Misconduct Allegations
 By the time of its cancellation , Thunderbirds had become widely popular in the UK and was being distributed extensively overseas . Grade , however , believed that without the financial boost of an American network sale , a full second series would fail to recover its production costs . He therefore asked Anderson to <unk> a new concept that he hoped would stand a greater chance of winning over the profitable US market . This became Captain Scarlet and the <unk>
Yknow so umm, hes closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant
 Hamilton won the opening race in Australia , but managed to finish only fifth after a qualifying penalty and a <unk> pit stop in Malaysia . The season began well for Kubica , as he qualified second in Australia and finished second in Malaysia . Kubica predicted his team could maintain their momentum into the third race : " I 'm
 The first divine act is the creation of the cosmos , described in several creation myths . They focus on different gods , each of which may act as creator deities . The eight gods of the <unk> , who represent the chaos that <unk> creation , give birth to the sun god , who establishes order in the newly formed world ; Ptah , who embodies thought and creativity , gives form to all things by <unk> and naming them ; Atum produces all things as <unk> of himself ; and Amun , according to the myths promoted by his priesthood , preceded and created the other creator gods . These and other versions of the events of creation were not seen as contradictory . Each gives a different perspective on the complex process by which the organized universe and its many deities emerged from undifferentiated
Donald Trump rejects intelligence report on travel ban because it doesn't say what he wants it to
He would come around every 20 min and not even
he calls again at 4:30 (when they're supposed to be closed) and
Clinton's speech at 2012 Democratic National Convention generated headlines for making the case for Obama's re-election, and he joined Obama
 At 1 @,@ 656 square kilometres ( 639 sq mi ) , Skye is the second @-@ largest island in Scotland after Lewis and Harris . The coastline of Skye is a series of peninsulas and bays radiating out from a centre dominated by the Cuillin hills ( Gaelic : An <unk> ) . Malcolm <unk> suggested that its shape " sticks out of the west coast of northern Scotland like a lobster 's claw ready to snap at the fish bone of Harris and Lewis " and W. H. Murray , commenting on its irregular coastline , stated that " Skye is sixty miles [ 100 km ] long , but what might be its breadth is beyond the ingenuity of man to state " . Martin Martin , a native of the island , reported on it at length in a 1703 publication . His geological observations included a
He picked up my
 Divākara : None of the above . Every one has his own definition of '
 Foliot possibly was the son of Roger Foliot and his wife <unk> . Roger held three knight 's fees in <unk> . Probably born sometime between 1150 and 1160 , Hugh was related in some manner to Robert Foliot , his predecessor at Hereford . He was a canon of Hereford Cathedral before becoming Archdeacon of Shropshire by May <unk> . Foliot is a frequent witness on charters as archdeacon , but little else is known of his tenure of the office . From 1212 to 1219 , he served as a papal judge @-@ delegate three times . In 1215 he was also King John 's
However, since my dog liked the vet, I will just keep sending him there and have my
We shared a cheese board with the server helping us pick our cheeses and I once again ordered a glass of Malbec since I enjoyed it the last time and it was his favorite.
 Wang 's tale portrays Zhou as an aging itinerant <unk> with " a fame <unk> like thunder " throughout the underworld society of <unk> . He is made the sworn brother of the outlaw " <unk> <unk> " Lu Zhishen , a military officer @-@ turned @-@ fighting monk , who is , according to Hsia , first among the most popular protagonists of the Water Margin . He is also given the nickname " Iron Arm " ( <unk> ) , which carried over into the title of his fictional biography Iron Arm , Golden Sabre . While the tale fails to explain the reason for the moniker , it does mention Zhou 's ability to direct his <unk> to any part of his body to make it hard enough to <unk> the
He was quite polite and accommodating on the phone, when we arrived at the restaurant, and when he came over to check on us during the
I certainly hope he gets recognized for his service &
 Aside from his career in hockey , Ross was interested in improving the game . Prior to the start of the 1927 – 28 season , the NHL adopted a new style of goal net created by Ross . With the back <unk> into a B @-@ shape , it was better designed to catch <unk> and the net was used until 1984 , when a modified version was adopted . He also improved the design of the puck . Ross ' design had <unk> edges , which prevented it bouncing too much , and used synthetic rubber , rather than the natural rubber previously in vogue . Along with New York Rangers coach Frank Boucher , Ross helped to create the red line , which was introduced to help speed up the game by removing the ability for defenders to pass the puck from the defensive to offensive
2959	Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely
 Fowler is a supporter of Liverpool F.C. and regularly attends matches at Anfield . He does media work for Abu <unk> Sports Channel ,
3334	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol
He wasn't very friendly but he
I HIGHLY recommend John and his
 Torres made his return for Liverpool on 8 November 2008 after coming on as a 72nd @-@ minute substitute in a 3 – 0 victory against West Bromwich Albion ( West Brom ) . He said he would be interested in returning to former club Atlético eventually , saying " I don 't know if I will
 For the following 19 months , the club played games away from Valley Parade . Cherry and the players became a close @-@ knit team , attending <unk> of the victims and other engagements in the months that followed , and the club 's 13th place finish in Division Two in 1985 – 86 was hailed a major achievement . During Bradford 's time away from Valley Parade , McCall also turned his back on Leeds United , the team he had supported as a child , after their fans set fire to a chip van at <unk> Stadium . McCall became club captain in November 1986 , aged just 21 , after Peter Jackson moved to Newcastle United . Under Cherry 's
He predicted that the possible return of snow next week is likely to leave many winter-weary souls ready to curl up into the fetal position and beg for mercy from old man winter! ___ Associated Press writers Jeff Karoub in Detroit, Charles Wilson in Indianapolis and Ron Todt in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
 Growing up in Hibbing , Minnesota , Dylan and his family were part of the area 's small but close @-@ knit Jewish community , and in May 1954 Dylan had his Bar <unk> . Around the time of his 30th birthday , in 1971 , Dylan visited Israel , and also
He was even nice enough to bring out some chocolate covered strawberry with whipped cream on the house to celebrate my husband's birthday which was even more thoughtful because he made sure it was
He didn't even laugh at my very poor attempt to replace the handles on a faucet.
I went in to get a few things for something I wanted to build, and some guy there named Tomie was very friendly
 Nathan was traded to the Minnesota Twins on November 16 , 2003 , in one of the more lopsided trades in San Francisco Giants history . The Giants sent Nathan to the Twins along with pitchers <unk> <unk> and Francisco <unk> for catcher A. J. <unk> and cash . The Twins decided to make Nathan their closer starting in 2004 , risky move considering that Nathan had notched only one save in six opportunities as a Giant , but he won the job over J. C. Romero and Jesse <unk> in spring training . He was signed to a three @-@ year deal on March 4 , 2004 and agreed to an incentive @-@ laden contract with a base salary of $ 440 @,@ 000 . He started off the season strong , allowing no runs in 20 appearances and earning 14 saves from April 15 to June 4 . He was named AL Co @-@ Player of the Week starting on May 10 with four saves in four innings and four appearances , facing the minimum number of batters each time . His credentials for the first half of the season , 23 saves in 24 opportunities with a 1 @.@ 19 ERA in 26 appearances , earned him his first All @-@ Star appearance in the 2004 MLB All @-@ Star Game . He was the only Twin on the squad and pitched a perfect seventh inning , getting Bobby <unk> to strike out , Mike Lowell to fly out and Miguel Cabrera to strike out . His numbers were impressive through the rest of the season , allowing no runs between June 9 and August 18 , and between August 25 and September 16 @.@ and finishing 2004 with 44 saves in 47 opportunities and an ERA of 1 @.@ 62 . The Twins won the AL Central division and faced the New York Yankees in the ALDS . Nathan picked up his first postseason save in Game 1 , but blew his second opportunity in Game 2 as the Twins went on to lose the ensuing three games . His outstanding season earned him MVP and Cy Young votes , finishing fourth for Cy Young and 12th for MVP . His first child , a son named Cole , was born on November 9 , 2004 . 
It-itThe point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Jim Harrison was wonderful to work with and we appreciated all the time he
The conversation between the manager and the elderly man after that was not professional and was indicative of someone who
He took the car for an extended drive to check everything out before I tried to
"My husband likes to choke me during sex. The last couple of times he has done it, he pressed the windpipe, it has scared me, and
 Daniil Kvyat and Max Verstappen traded places ahead of the race . Verstappen joined Red Bull Racing while Kvyat returned to <unk> Toro Rosso . Red Bull 's team principal Christian Horner explained the driver swap with Verstappen 's talent , saying that the 18 @-@ year old Dutchman and Daniel Ricciardo had the potential to become Formula One 's best driver pairing . Furthermore , he stressed that Verstappen 's move to Red Bull would tie him to the team for the foreseeable future . Daniil Kvyat meanwhile expressed surprise at the decision , saying during Thursday 's press conference that he was " shocked " by his demotion , stressing that Red Bull did not give him a " real explanation " . Following problems with his power unit in both the Chinese and Russian Grand Prix , Lewis Hamilton received a redesigned <unk> @-@ H unit
The guy who helped me was not even paying any attention to what he was doing because he was too
 Bradford had just 13 players when McCall took over , and he made a number of summer signings including defender Darren Williams , midfielders Kyle Nix , Alex Rhodes and Scott <unk> , and strikers Barry <unk> , <unk> <unk> @-@ <unk> and Peter Thorne . McCall recorded his first win as a manager against <unk> on 25 August 2007 after substitute Luke Medley scored a late winner , but despite his pre @-@ season target his team spent much of the first half of the season in the bottom half of the table . After going unbeaten in January , the club were still 15th in League Two , and McCall told the Telegraph & <unk> he did not regret his pre @-@ season target but was carried away with the euphoria at the time . City 's form continued to improve during the second half of the season , and McCall led his side to 10th place
Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said four government troops were wounded in what he called a
i even saw him hit the door and say fuck out loud.
You see rangers driving through the
Soft-spoken, not pushy or intrusive yet he was helpful and informative,
 Ahead of the election , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee lodged an official complaint against Madrid with the IOC <unk> Commission about comments made on September 30 , 2009 , by José Maria Odriozola , vice president of the Spanish Olympic Committee ( <unk> ) ; and considered doing it against Chicago due to comments by Richard M. <unk> , Mayor of Chicago , on September 21 , 2009 . Odriozola called Rio de Janeiro " the worst of the four candidates " , while Rio officials believe that <unk> implied that the city was incapable of hosting the Olympics when he said it was " not the same as hosting the [ 2014 ] FIFA World Cup " . Mercedes <unk> apologised for Odriozola 's comments on behalf of the Madrid bid committee . According to the IOC rules , rival cities are not allowed to directly <unk> other bidders . After the conclusion of the bid process , <unk> <unk> , Governor of Tokyo , blamed " invisible dynamics " and political deals for Tokyo
 Chaytor , commander of the New Zealander Mounted Rifles Brigade , had been advised of the Austrian , German and Ottoman advance against Romani at 02 : 00 . By 05 : 35 , Lawrence at his headquarters of the Northern No. 3 Canal <unk> Sector at Kantara , had been informed of the developing attack . He recognised that the main blow was falling on Romani and ordered the 5th Mounted Yeomanry Brigade at Hill 70 to move towards Mount Royston . They were led by a Composite Regiment , which moved off at once , the remainder of the brigade preparing to follow . At 07 : 25 , Lawrence ordered the New Zealand Mounted Rifle Brigade consisting of brigade headquarters and the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiment ( less the Auckland Mounted Rifles and the attached 5th Light Horse Regiments , 2nd Light Horse Brigade ) , to move towards Mount Royston via Dueidar and there , pick up the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment . The Yeomanry and New Zealand brigades had both been stationed at Hill 70 , 12 miles ( 19 km )
 Within his first three films , Hard Eight , Boogie Nights and Magnolia , Anderson explored themes of dysfunctional families , alienation and loneliness . Boogie Nights and Magnolia were noted for their large ensemble casts , which Anderson returned to in Inherent Vice . In Punch @-@ Drunk Love , Anderson explored similar themes but expressed a different visual style , shedding the influences and references of his earlier films , being more surreal and having a heightened sense of reality .
5145	Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
 An account of the journeys of Philip von <unk> to Siberia and his descriptions of the use of the <unk>
 Jains contrast all attempts to proclaim the sole monopoly on truth with <unk> , which can be illustrated through the parable of the " blind men and an elephant " . In this story , each blind man felt a different part of an elephant ( trunk , leg , ear , etc . ) . All the men claimed to understand and explain the true appearance of the elephant , but could only partly succeed , due to their limited perspectives . This principle is more formally stated by observing that objects are infinite in their qualities and modes of existence , so they cannot be
Mystery stomach pain This week's medical query comes courtesy of Mr HJ from Leeds, writing on behalf of his 12-year-old grandson, who
 The director 's original cut of Sholay has a different ending in which Thakur kills Gabbar , along with some additional violent scenes . Gabbar 's death scene , and the scene in which the imam 's son is killed , were cut from the film by India 's Censor Board , as was the scene in which Thakur 's family is massacred . The Censor Board was concerned about the violence , and that viewers may be influenced to violate the law by punishing people severely . Although Sippy fought to keep the scenes , eventually he had to re @-@ shoot the ending of the film , and as directed by the Censor Board , have the police arrive just before Thakur can kill Gabbar . The censored theatrical version was the only one seen by audiences for fifteen years . The original , <unk> cut of the film finally came out in a British release on VHS in 1990 . Since then , <unk> International has released two versions on DVD . The director 's cut of the film preserves the original full frame and
I ended up declining the hair color part for the added $$ reason, and just asked for the haircut man to make it look nice without
 Frustrated by his inability to capture his subject , Ingres broke down in tears in his studio , in company . Bertin recalled " <unk> him : ' my dear Ingres , don 't <unk> about me ; and above all don 't <unk> yourself like that . You want to start my portrait over again ? Take your own time for it . You will never tire me , and just as long as you want me to come , I am at your orders . ' " After agreeing to a breathing spell Ingres finally settled on a design . Early biographers provide differing anecdotes regarding the inspiration for the distinctive seated pose . Henri Delaborde said Ingres observed Bertin in this posture while arguing politics after dinner with his sons . According to Eugène Emmanuel <unk> <unk> ( he said was related to him by Bertin ) , Ingres noticed a pose Bertin took while seated outside with Ingres and a third man at a café .
 Djedkare may have left some of his monuments unfinished at his death , as suggested by several relief @-@ bearing blocks inscribed with his name and which were found reused in the pyramid of king Unas . Their original setting remains unknown . 
 Quiney was a vintner and dealt in tobacco . He held the lease to a house known as “ Atwood 's ” for the purpose of running a tavern , and later traded houses with his brother @-@ in @-@ law , William Chandler
1453	Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is
He asked if they had individual candles and was told no, (but they sell individual candles
We went on Thursday night & they had a guy on guitar in there & he
 Torres joined <unk> A club Milan on a two @-@ year loan on 31 August 2014 . On his arrival he expressed a
 Federer finished the year in strong form , winning indoor titles at the Stockholm Open , Swiss Indoors , and the ATP World Tour Finals in London , which brought his tally to 66 career titles . Federer won the year @-@ end championships in London by beating rival Rafael Nadal for his fifth title at the event . He showed much
 At Casterman 's prompting , Tintin in the Congo was subsequently fully re @-@ drawn , and the new version was published in 1946 . As a part of this modification , Hergé cut the page length from 110 plates to the standard 62 pages , as suggested by the publisher Casterman . He also made several changes to the story , cutting many of the references to Belgium and colonial rule . For example , in the scene where Tintin teaches Congolese school children about geography , he states in the 1930 – 31 version , " My
We are regulars here because the chef owner Jared Porter always surprises us with his ever changing menu which is so fantastic and never ever boring... Sydney, Daisy, Nick, Josh, Jared, Mike all of them are a fun group and they always make you feel so
 Busch stopped painting in 1896 and signed @-@ over all publication rights to Bassermann <unk> for 50 @,@ 000 gold marks . Busch , now aged 64 , felt old . He needed <unk> for writing and painting , and his hands <unk> slightly . In 1898 , together with his aging sister Fanny Nöldeke , he accepted Bassermann 's suggestion to move into a large <unk> in Mechtshausen . Busch read biographies , novels and stories in German , English and French . He organized his works and wrote letters and poems . Most of the poems from the collections <unk> und <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> were written in 1899 . The following years were <unk>
In perusing the reviews I saw a random 1 star review which made me pause, and saw the reviewer complaining about the length of time it took for his salad, and wondering why
 A modern analysis of the battlefield has shown that it was a minor battle , although the victory did boost Song morale . The Jin lost , but only suffered about 4 @,@ 000 casualties and the battle was not fatal to the Jurchen war effort . It was Wanyan Liang 's poor relationships with the Jurchen generals , who despised him , that doomed the chances of a Jin victory . On December 15 , Wanyan Liang was assassinated in his military camp by disaffected officers . He was succeeded by Emperor Shizong ( r . 1161
First time was in summer, when I just adopted a small Yorkie puppy that he was only 4 months old weight 4 pounds
'My father had these books of Holbein drawings,' he says.
 The day after the Young Turks ' press conference , Taylor privately met Khánh at the latter 's office . He complained about the dissolution of the HNC and said it did not accord with the values of the alliance and the loyalty Washington expected of Saigon . He added that the US could not cooperate with two governments at once : a military regime that held power while a civilian body took the responsibility . Khánh <unk> replied that Vietnam was not a satellite of the US and compared the situation to the US support of the successful coup against Diệm , saying that loyalty was meant to be <unk> . Khánh had hinted that he felt the Americans were about to have
 <unk> within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire since the early 12th century , Oldham was recorded in 1212 as being one of five parts of the <unk> estate of <unk> , which was held on behalf of King John by Roger de <unk> and William de <unk> . The other parts of this estate were Crompton , Glodwick , <unk> , and Werneth . Oldham later formed a township within the ancient ecclesiastical parish of Prestwich @-@ cum @-@ Oldham , in the hundred of Salford . 
1109	There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
He can't do any wrong
Is that a serious response so I didn't take it he ruined it he fixes
 Two decades later , <unk> Arthur M. Stevens concluded in The Blue Book of Charts to Winning Chess , based on a survey of 56 @,@ 972 master games that he completed in 1967 , that White scores 59 @.@ 1 % . However , Stevens assembled his games from those that had been published in
I tell him about the ordeal and previous chip guy and tell him to get a manager so we
Bureaucrats will man the barricades and erect an anti-congestion cordon around Calvados, Manche and Orne to
 " Awakening " was the second part of a three @-@ part trilogy of episodes during the fourth season of Enterprise that were created to deal with the differences between the Enterprise @-@ era Vulcans and those seen in series set later in the <unk> of the franchise . Show runner Manny <unk> summed up these differences saying , " Our Vulcans lie , our Vulcans are <unk> , our Vulcans are not <unk> . " He sought to introduce a situation which he compared to the 16th @-@ century Protestant Reformation and wanted to include a Vulcan character who would effectively be in the role of Martin Luther ,
 In 2008 , he portrayed <unk> <unk> in The Passion , a BBC / HBO adaptation of the last week in the life of Jesus . He had originally rejected the script due to other filming commitments , but accepted the role after his agent told him to re @-@ read it before making a final decision . He was pleased to learn that the serial was being produced by Nigel Stafford @-@ Clark , whose <unk> House adaptation he had enjoyed , and that he would be appearing with his Jekyll co @-@ star Denis Lawson . Contrary to previous portrayals of <unk> , Nesbitt played the biblical figure as " nice " , and — as when playing Jack Parlabane — used his own accent . The serial was broadcast in the UK during Easter week 2008 . Shortly after filming The Passion , he filmed the part of journalist Max <unk> in the Carnival Films thriller Midnight Man , which was shown on ITV in May 2008 . It won him a joint nomination ( along with the 2007 series of Murphy 's Law ) for the <unk> Crime Thriller Award for Best Actor . At the end of the year , he had a starring role in the low @-@ budget independent film Blessed . The writer and director Mark <unk> scripted the character of Peter with Nesbitt in mind to play him . The film had a limited release throughout 2008 and 2009 before the BBC screened it on television in 2010 . Nesbitt said , " The role of Peter is what I have dreamed about playing , you wait your whole life for an opportunity like this and when it comes you have
Senior scouts argued this was incompatible with his
Although we welcome the investment being made by BBC Wales, I think it's fair to say our preference would have been the bay, he
 Dutch composer <unk> van der <unk> , included a setting of " Trees " as the third in a set of five songs written in 1977 , which included texts by poets Christina <unk> , Percy <unk> Shelley , Kilmer , Matthew Prior , and Sir John <unk> . 
It never occurred to anyone to let my bro know that his
Dan got to work right away and when he was finished, he explained his findings.
5480	Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a
 The " Ode on Indolence " is one of five odes composed by English poet John Keats in the spring of 1819 . The others were " Ode on a Grecian Urn " , " Ode on Melancholy " , " Ode to a Nightingale " and " Ode to Psyche " . The poem describes the state of indolence , otherwise known as <unk> , and was written during a time when he felt that he should devote his efforts to earning an income instead of composing poetry . After finishing the spring poems , Keats wrote in June 1819 that its composition brought him more pleasure than anything else he had written that year
One of these young men helped me when he realized I was the
 Alice in Chains has had a large impact on many bands , such as Godsmack , who are named after the song off their sophomore album Dirt . According to Jon <unk> of MTV , Godsmack has " <unk> followed Alice in Chains ' lead while adding their own distinctive edge " . Godsmack singer and founder Sully <unk> has also cited Layne Staley as his primary influence . <unk> has covered Alice in Chains ' song " <unk> " live , which appears on the
 He ordered the State of Pennsylvania to commence new sentencing
He said the tires Costco sells aren't the same even though they look like the tire everyone else
 William Herschel was the first astronomer to attempt to determine the distribution of stars in the sky . During the <unk> he established a series of gauges in 600 directions and counted the stars observed along each line of sight . From this he deduced that the number of stars steadily increased toward one side of the sky , in the direction of the Milky Way core . His son John Herschel repeated this study in the southern hemisphere and found a corresponding increase in the same direction . In addition to his other accomplishments , William Herschel is also noted for his
The politician is embroiled in a divorce cash fight after his marriage to his fourth wife broke down.
 Tal himself lost a famous game as White from a symmetrical position in
 After his baseball career , Sisler became an executive with the investment firm A. G. Edwards for more than 30 years , reaching the level of vice @-@ chairman . A. G. Edwards was a sponsor of a semi @-@ professional baseball team located in St. Petersburg , Florida ; when the " <unk> " were invited to play in season @-@ ending tournament to decide a champion , Sisler , a senior executive for the firm , denied the funding for the team , forcing them to decline if no other <unk> were raised . It was an unexpected decision considering that Sisler was former baseball player , but he did not feel
He then said he
Landlord is refusing to pay for utilities even though it says that he is responsible for them on the lease.
 When Jardine was appointed England 's captain for the 1932 – 33 English tour of Australia , a meeting was arranged with Nottinghamshire captain Arthur Carr and his two fast bowlers Harold Larwood and Bill Voce at London 's Piccadilly Hotel to discuss a plan to combat Bradman 's extraordinary skills . Jardine asked Larwood and Voce if they could bowl on leg stump and make the ball come up into the body of the batsman . The bowlers agreed they
 Applewhite taught that he was a walk @-@ in , a concept that had gained popularity in the New Age movement during the late 1970s . Walk @-@ ins were said to be higher beings who took control of adult bodies to teach humanity . This concept informed Applewhite 's view of resurrection : he believed that his group 's souls were to be transported to a spaceship ,
I brought it to the manager and he gave me his card, I called and called.
My husband enjoyed his as well and overall
However i am very obviously a young man with great listening abilities and would've heard yoh no problem had
 Bishop Bricius 's chapter of eight clerics consisted of the dean , precentor , treasurer , chancellor , archdeacon and three ordinary canons . His successor , Bishop Andreas de Moravia , greatly expanded the chapter to cater for the much enlarged establishment by creating two additional hierarchical posts ( <unk> and <unk> ) and added 16 more <unk> . In total , 23 <unk> had been created by the time of Andreas ' death , and a further two were added just before the Scottish Reformation
 During the designing and filming process , Meddings ' first priorities were realism and credibility . With the exception of Thunderbird 5 , each vehicle was built in three or four scales . Meddings ' swing @-@ wing concept for Thunderbird 1 was inspired by his wish to create something " more dynamic " than a fixed @-@ wing aircraft . He remained unsatisfied with the prototype of Thunderbird 2 until he inverted the wings , later commenting , " ... at the time , all aircraft had swept @-@ back wings . I only did it to be different . " This decision was made out of personal preference and was not informed by any expert knowledge on Meddings ' part . He described the Thunderbird 2 launch as " probably the most memorable " sequence that his team devised for an APF production . 
it just didn't seem right so we told him we were sorry and to go down to the leasing office which he
This strategy worked for Labour and Harold Wilson in 1966: his 1964 majority of
We were very specific when we scheduled the session that we did not want him to make a plan and that all we needed was
 Dayton ( January 16 , 2000 ) son 
 The game remained scoreless in the early innings , with only two baserunners apiece for each team through the first three innings . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the top of the 4th inning , but Brian Johnson struck out to end the inning . The first runs of the game came in the top of the 5th as Henry Rodriguez singled to lead off the inning and scored on a home run by Gary <unk> to give the Cubs a 2 – 0 lead . The Cubs threatened again in the next inning with singles by Lance Johnson and Sammy Sosa . Rich Rodriguez relieved Gardner , but loaded the bases with a walk to Mark Grace and allowed a single to Matt <unk> which scored two more runs and extended the Cubs ' lead to 4 – 0 . John Johnstone relieved Rodriguez and
 The tenth anniversary issue breaks from the usual format , in breaking the fourth wall , and addressing the reader as if they are in a pub with Constantine for a monthly get together to hear his stories . Over the course of the issue , most of the characters from Constantine 's history appear , along with Death of the <unk> from Sandman . There are also appearances by writers and artists , including series creator Alan Moore , Garth Ennis , and Jenkins himself . Jenkins ' run then draws to a close with two storylines , " Up the Down <unk> " and " How to Play With Fire " , which relate the First of the Fallen 's new plan , to essentially let mankind ruin itself through television and <unk> , and Ellie 's plot to leave Constantine <unk> and alone . John eventually saves himself , through a literal <unk> ex <unk> , in a <unk> conversation with God . However , at that time Rich and his family finally <unk> their friendship with John , and the latter ends the run alone . Paul Jenkins later returned for one
I heard Gord snoring few times so I think he enjoyed it :) 
He is not a fan.
11311	This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
He didn't sell a single painting during his
 Delano 's run ended with " The Golden Child " , where John is reunited with <unk> and Mercury , who help him discover that he
Depending on how the rest of this one-day series pans out, he may even feel tempted to examine this decision a little more closely.
I do not believe that human activity is causing these dramatic changes to our climate the way these scientists are portraying it, he said.
 Fowler began the 2001 – 02 season controversially , after being dropped by the then manager Gérard Houllier from the Liverpool squad for the 2001 Charity Shield match following a training ground confrontation with assistant manager Phil Thompson . He made an appearance in Liverpool 's 3 – 2 European Super Cup victory over Bayern Munich , but starts were intermittent . In October 2001 , he scored his first league hat @-@ trick for three years , helping Liverpool beat Leicester City 4 – 1 , but was dropped for the following league match . Though Fowler had been on a contract extension from 1999 ( unlike Steve McManaman – who exercised his <unk> <unk> the very same year ) , Fowler was linked to <unk> , Arsenal and Leeds , and Liverpool 's management as well as fans and the media constantly reported that what happened with McManaman ( regarded as a huge financial loss ) would never be repeated and thus the club never rejected those bids without consideration . This meant that coupled with Fowler 's relationship with Houllier , speculation over Fowler 's future persisted for most of Houllier
We go back down and tell them we booked a king and they said they don't have King rooms because they oversold them and a queen is the only room
He was completely untrained or new or just didn't want to be there.
 In the decades after World War I , there remained social and legal obstacles to condom use throughout the U.S. and Europe . <unk> of <unk> Sigmund Freud opposed all methods of birth control on the grounds that their failure rates were too high . Freud was especially opposed to the condom because he thought it cut down on sexual pleasure . Some <unk> continued to oppose male @-@ controlled contraceptives such as condoms . In 1920
 During the summer of 1984 , Cherry made the two key signings of central defender Dave Evans and right winger John Hendrie to build on the previous season 's high finish . McCall was an integral part of the team as City won the Division Three championship in 1984 – 85 , during which he scored eight goals as one of two ever @-@ present players . The title was assured in the penultimate game when McCall scored the second goal in a 2 – 0 victory over Bolton Wanderers . The league title was <unk> before the final game of the season on 11 May 1985 at home to Lincoln City . However , the club 's title was overshadowed when 56 people died in the Bradford City stadium fire when the Valley Parade ground 's main stand caught fire after 40 minutes of play , during which McCall 's father , who was with other family members , was badly injured . After the fire , McCall , still in his kit , spent several hours driving from the ground to his sister
 David Nalbandian was Federer 's biggest rival in his early career . The two played each other 19 times , with Federer leading 11 – 8 . Nalbandian dominated early on , taking all of their first five matches from 2002 – 03 . Federer reversed this trend at the 2003 Masters Cup , where he recorded his first victory , and would go on to win 11 of their last 14 meetings . Federer led 6 – 5 on hard courts , 1 – 0 on grass , and 3 – 1 on clay courts , while Nalbandian led 2 – 1 on carpet . Notable meetings include Nalbandian 's win in a fifth @-@ set tiebreaker to win the 2005 Masters Cup , and Federer 's win in the 2006 French Open
He listened to what we wanted, and he was so willing to spend the time showing us all
He was so patient, so sweet and didn't let any of the chaos around him stress
Oh my God! He did
 The English players and management were consistent in referring to their tactic as fast leg theory considering it to be a variant of the established and <unk> leg theory tactic . The inflammatory term " bodyline " was coined and <unk> by the Australian press ( see below ) . English writers used the term fast leg theory . The terminology reflected differences in understanding , as neither the English public nor the Board of the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) — the governing body of English cricket — could understand why the Australians were complaining about what they perceived as a commonly used tactic . Some concluded that the Australian cricket authorities and public were sore <unk> . Of the four fast bowlers in the tour party , <unk> Allen was a voice of dissent in the English camp , refusing to bowl short on the leg side , and writing several letters home to England critical of Jardine , although he did not express this in public in Australia . A number of other players , while maintaining a united front in public , also <unk> bodyline in private . The amateurs Bob Wyatt ( the vice @-@ captain ) , Freddie Brown and the <unk> of <unk> opposed it , as did Walter Hammond and Les Ames among the professionals . 
He wanted to turn me away, really he said
We walked in and the place was really warm, I'm not sure if their AC went out but man was it uncomfortable in there, shout out to the kids working behind the counter because I hardly wanted to wait in line in
 The novel begins with the name of José Palacios , who , here as with the historical figure of the same name , is Bolívar 's " long @-@ serving <unk> " . As literary critic Seymour <unk> observes , Palacios 's " total identification with Bolívar constitutes the novel 's frame " . Palacios constantly <unk> on the General , and at certain times he alone is allowed in the General 's room . He has learned to live with his master 's unpredictability and does not <unk> to read his thoughts . Born a slave , the character is six years younger than the General , and has spent his entire life in his service . Throughout the novel , Palacios provides the General with <unk> or <unk> of dates and events during the General 's time of <unk> . According to one critic , Palacios 's ability to recall past events in Bolívar 's life is essential for García Márquez 's recreation of the character , as it allows the Bolívar
 He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2016 New Year Honours for services to drama and to the
 He was appointed as Notts County manager in May 1957 , controversially replacing caretaker @-@ manager Frank Broome , who had steered the club away from the Second Division relegation zone ; Broome was installed as his assistant . He was unable to make new signings as he was unable to move on any of the club 's 33 playing staff . He did though take on forwards Jeff <unk> and Tony <unk> as <unk> , who would both go on to have long careers in the First Division . Lawton agreed to go without
Obviously it is his favorite, so he better do this
 The second season , in 1945 , featured two double bills . The first consisted of Henry IV , Parts 1 and 2 . Olivier played the warrior Hotspur in the first and the <unk> Justice <unk> in the second . He received good notices , but by general consent the production belonged to Richardson as Falstaff . In the second double bill it was Olivier who dominated , in the title roles of <unk> Rex and The Critic . In the two one @-@ act plays his switch from searing tragedy and horror in the first half to farcical comedy in the second impressed most critics and audience members , though a minority felt that the transformation from <unk> 's <unk> blinded hero to Sheridan 's vain and ludicrous Mr <unk> " <unk> of a quick @-@ change turn in a music hall " . After the London season the company played both the double bills and Uncle Vanya
 Wales have contested every Rugby World Cup since the inaugural tournament in 1987 . The 1987 tournament was Wales ' most successful ; they won all three pool matches and their quarter @-@ final , before losing to the All Blacks in the semi @-@ finals . They then faced Australia in the third place play @-@ off match , which they won 22 – 21 . In the next two tournaments in 1991 and 1995 , Wales failed to progress beyond the pool stage , winning just one match in each tournament . Both the 1999 and 2003 tournaments were more successful , with Wales qualifying for the quarter @-@ finals both times . Wales hosted the event in 1999 and topped their pool only to lose to eventual winners Australia in the quarter @-@ finals . In 2003 , they finished second in their pool behind the All Blacks , and faced England in their quarter @-@ final . They lost to England , the eventual champions , 28 – 17 . Wales conceded 17 penalties , and their lack of discipline proved costly . In the 2007 World Cup , Wales again failed to progress from the pool stage . After a loss to Australia , and two wins against Japan and Canada , they faced Fiji for a place in the quarter @-@ finals . The game started poorly for Wales who were behind 25 – 3 at half @-@ time . They fought back to lead by three points with six minutes remaining , but Fiji then scored a try to win 38 – 34 and eliminated Wales from the tournament . At the 2011 World Cup , Wales reached the semi @-@ finals for the first time since 1987 . Playing the semi @-@ finals against France , Wales lost 9 – 8 , in a game overshadowed by the 18th @-@ minute sending off of Wales ' captain Sam Warburton for a dangerous tackle against Vincent <unk> .
He encourages visitors to read their Bible and pray
He took x rays/ultra sound stating he doesnt know how to use the machine and told my father Buddy isn't showing anything wrong with his heart and he just needs rest.
 In 2008 , Mosley won a court case ( Mosley v News Group Newspapers ) against the News of the World newspaper which had reported his involvement in a sex act involving five <unk> women on the grounds that it had breached his privacy . Justice <unk> ruled that despite some of the attendees wearing German World War 2 uniforms there were no Nazi connotations to the <unk> , a false statement that had been printed by
I have to say this server was very rude, uneducated and somewhat he treats customers like
Through the decades, his songs have
I've been meaning to get a second pair of sandals and while they didn't have the style I was looking for, the gentleman who helped me, I believe his
I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
I was only given his personal cell number so he could make sure
 In September 2008 , after his appearance on Britain 's Got Talent but before the release of his first album , Johnston embarked on a tour of Norway with the choir , performing at Stavanger Cathedral and <unk> Abbey , among other places . The tour was conceived because the Diocese of Stavanger is connected with the Diocese of Carlisle
Low rating due to service - waiter struggled through every facet of the meal including getting us our check - had to ask the water server and he ended up getting it
He returns to our table..
to enhance his diagnostic capabilities -
His was totally flat and
Our server seemed like he was kind of having a bad day but he was handling it like a champ
Hamza watched on screen as segments of al-Qaeda training videos, seized from his former London home by British authorities, were played in the courtroom a few streets away from the
He bar area
He did not come out to give the men direction
The Moses figure throughout has been Sir Ronald Cohen, a legend in private equity and venture capital, who was explicitly commended for his
 It has been suggested that an opportunity was lost on 5 August to encircle and capture the invading Austrian , German and Ottoman force when it was allowed to withdraw to Katia . The infantry 's difficulties regarding the supply of water and camel transport combined with their lack of desert training , together with Lawrence 's confusing orders for infantry in the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division to move south and east , stopped them from promptly advancing to cut off the retreating force in the early hours of the second day 's battle . General Lawrence was criticised for taking a grave and unnecessary risk by relying on just one entrenched infantry division and two light horse brigades to defend Romani . That the strong enemy attack on the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades during the first night 's battle pushed them so far back that the planned flanking attack by the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade became almost a frontal attack . Lawrence was also faulted for remaining at his headquarters at Kantara , which was considered to be too far from the battlefield , and that this contributed to his loss of control of the battle during the first day , when the telephone line was cut and he was out of contact with Romani .
On the contrary, the guy who processed my return said "no extra charges, have a nice day".
Britain faced a dilemma, he said, of wanting to keep both an open economy and
 In 1949 Wheeler was appointed Honorary Secretary of the British Academy after <unk> G. Kenyon stepped down from the position . According to Piggott , the institution had " <unk> drifted into <unk> without the excuse of being venerable " , and Wheeler devoted much time attempting to <unk> the organisation and ensured that Charles Webster was appointed President . Together , Wheeler and Webster sought to increase the number of younger members of the Academy , increasing the number of <unk> who were permitted to join and proposing that those over 75 years of age not be permitted to serve on the organisation 's council ; this latter measure was highly controversial , and though defeated in 1951 , Wheeler and Webster were able to push it through in 1952 . In doing so , Piggott stated , Wheeler helped rid the society of its " self @-@ perpetuating <unk> " . To aid him in these projects , Wheeler employed a personal assistant , Molly Myers , who remained with him for the rest of his life . 
Yet behind his apparent shyness and a certain typically
Mark waited on me and he was
 Darden was drafted in the first round ( 18th overall ) in the 1972 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Browns . Darden started at free safety from his rookie season of 1972 until he lost the job in his tenth and final season to Clinton Burrell . He was selected an All @-@ Pro safety in 1976 , 1978 , and 1979 , and went to the Pro Bowl in 1978 . Over the course of his career he handled 45 punt returns for 285 return yards . Darden holds Cleveland Browns franchise records with 45 career interceptions , 10 single @-@ season interceptions and 820 interception return yards . Two of Darden 's Browns teams went to the playoffs . His rookie year , the 10 – 4 1972
They were out of my cat's wet food once and the manager picked some up from another store on his way home and
 Reines was accepted into the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , but chose instead to attend Stevens Institute of Technology in <unk> , New Jersey , where he earned his Bachelor of Science ( <unk> ) degree in mechanical engineering in 1939 , and his Master of Science ( <unk> ) degree in mathematical physics in 1941 , writing a thesis on " A Critical Review of Optical <unk> Theory " . He married Sylvia <unk> on August 30 , 1940 . They had two children , Robert and <unk> . He then entered New York University , where he earned his Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph.D. ) in 1944 . He studied cosmic rays there
He tells me that the pants were defective.
He wanted to Drive back
6910	A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character
Earth's best sights from space Chris Hadfield, the astronaut known for his
I never got a menu, Rafael said he ordered for us.
[UPDATE] [OR] Disabled. Guy started following me and
 In 1989 , the Florida Legislature recognized demands for higher education in South Florida by designating Florida Atlantic as the lead state university serving Broward County . To fill this role , the university would establish a campus in Dania Beach in 1997 and another campus in the City of Davie in western Broward County in 1990 . Florida Atlantic later purchased 50 acres ( 20 ha ) of land in Port St. Lucie in 1994 to establish a campus on the Treasure Coast . This would be the institution 's fifth campus . The university continued its expansion in 1999 when it opened its Jupiter Campus , named for the late John D. MacArthur . This campus houses the university 's honors college . 
 " Something Borrowed " is the ninth episode of the second series of British science fiction television series Torchwood . It was first broadcast by BBC Three on 5 March 2008 and repeated on BBC Two one week later . The episode was written by Phil Ford , directed by Ashley Way and produced by Richard Stokes . The episode featured the five initial series regulars John Barrowman , Eve Myles , Burn <unk> , Naoko Mori and Gareth David Lloyd plus recurring actor Kai Owen in a central role . 
6995	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
5100	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity
 Having failed to score in 22 appearances for York in the 1996 – 97 season , Cresswell joined Third Division side Mansfield Town on loan on 27 March 1997 , making his debut in a 0 – 0 draw away to Exeter City on 29 March . He scored his first and only goal for Mansfield in a 1 – 0 win away to Rochdale on 5 April 1997 , before finishing the loan with five appearances . He scored four goals in 30 games for York in 1997 – 98 , and during this season he was barracked
His emblazoned name means some
 As a freshman in coach Dean Smith 's team @-@ oriented system , he was named ACC Freshman of the Year after he averaged 13 @.@ 4 points per game ( ppg ) on 53 @.@ 4 % shooting ( field goal percentage ) . He made the game @-@ winning jump shot in the 1982 NCAA Championship game against Georgetown , which was led by future NBA rival Patrick Ewing . Jordan later described this shot as the major turning point in his basketball career . During his three seasons at North Carolina , he averaged 17 @.@ 7 ppg on 54 @.@ 0 % shooting , and added 5 @.@ 0 rebounds per game ( rpg ) . He was selected by consensus to the NCAA All @-@ American First Team in both his sophomore ( 1983 ) and junior ( 1984 ) seasons . After winning the <unk> and the Wooden College Player of the Year awards in 1984 , Jordan left North Carolina one year before his scheduled graduation to enter the 1984 NBA draft . The Chicago Bulls selected Jordan with the third overall pick , after <unk> Olajuwon ( Houston Rockets ) and Sam Bowie ( Portland Trail Blazers ) . One of the primary reasons why Jordan was not drafted sooner was because the first two teams were in need of a center . However , the Trail Blazers general manager <unk> <unk> contended that it was not a matter of drafting a center , but more
 For the remainder of the day B Company was subjected to intense indirect fire on the Hinge , as was C Company on Hill 317 . The Anti @-@ Tank Platoon and Assault Pioneer Platoon reinforced C Company , with a platoon of C Company moved forward to the Hinge to support B Company . At 20 : 00 both the Hinge and Hill 317 were again heavily shelled for 45 minutes , <unk> the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack . Heavy mist concealed the Chinese advance , and this assisted many to penetrate the Australian perimeter . Throughout the night of 7 / 8 October the Hinge was attacked on three occasions from both the front and the flanks by a force of battalion strength , however the Australians beat back the Chinese in desperate hand @-@ to @-@ hand combat . The Chinese swept forward , but were stopped by intense small arms and artillery fire . During one such assault Sergeant P.J. O 'Connell , on seeing one of his platoon 's Bren gunners wounded , manned the light machine @-@ gun himself , breaking up a Chinese assault , while controlling the fire of the men around him . Meanwhile , Sergeant <unk> Strong arranged the resupply of ammunition to the forward Australian
3309	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like
Since I had nothing to do I kept an eye on this poor guy at the bar who wasn't even acknowledged for
 " Moment of Surrender " was written by U2 and No Line on the Horizon producers / co @-@ writers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois during a two @-@ week recording session in Fez , Morocco between May and June 2007 . The song was developed within a few hours , and then recorded in a single take in a <unk> of the hotel <unk> El <unk> . Eno began by creating a percussion loop of a " rolling hand drum " so that the band would have something to improvise along with when they joined him for songwriting and recording . However , Eno had not arranged the loop properly and the result was a strange , uneven beat that he compared to " a wheeled carriage that had one of the wheels a bit cracked " or " the way a camel moves " . Although Eno was trying to fix the loop , drummer Larry Mullen , Jr. began playing along to it . Eno then asked guitarist the Edge to play some chords . After a
And the owner also promised the rim regardless and when I asked how much more to do some touch up paint work he
 In 1948 Olivier led the Old Vic company on a six @-@ month tour of Australia and New Zealand . He played Richard III , Sir Peter <unk> in Sheridan 's The School for Scandal and <unk> in <unk> Wilder 's The Skin of Our <unk> , appearing alongside Leigh in the latter two plays . While Olivier was on the Australian tour and Richardson was in Hollywood , Esher terminated the contracts of the three directors , who were said to have " resigned " . <unk> Bragg in a 1984 study of Olivier , and John Miller in the authorised biography of Richardson , both comment that Esher 's action put back the establishment of a National Theatre for at least a decade . Looking back in 1971 , Bernard Levin wrote that the Old Vic company of 1944 to 1948 " was probably the most illustrious that has ever been assembled in this country " . The Times said that the triumvirate 's years were the greatest in the Old Vic 's history ; as The Guardian put it , " the governors summarily sacked them in the interests of a more mediocre company spirit " . 
 In 2001 , the top clubs and the RFU formed " England Rugby " to help govern the club and international game . The parties agreed to restrict the number of matches at club and international level that elite players ( a group of 50 or 60 players selected by the RFU ) could play in order to reduce player <unk> and injuries . In return for releasing players from club commitments , the clubs were to receive compensation from the RFU . This agreement was considered central to the England victory in the 2003 World Cup . Clive Woodward , England coach from November 1997 , resigned in 2004 because he was unable to get the access to the players that he wanted ; " I wanted more from the union – more training days with the players , more influence over the way they were treated – and ended up with less . " Andy Robinson , Woodward 's successor , blamed the lack of control over players for his team 's unsuccessful record . Brian Ashton , who took over from Robinson , intentionally named his playing squad for Six Nations matches in 2007 early in the hope that their clubs would not play them in the weekend prior to a Test . The RFU and the Premiership clubs are negotiating a similar deal to the one in 2001 that will enable international players to be released into the England squad prior to international matches . 
 In the 2002 – 03 season , Fowler was transferred to Manchester City following a protracted transfer saga . Fowler initially turned down the move , and a dispute between Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan and chairman David Bernstein over whether the transfer should take place due to medical concerns resulted in Bernstein leaving the club . Following encouragement from Keegan , Fowler finally signed for Manchester City on 16 January 2003 for an initial fee of £ 3 million and a further £ 3 million dependent upon appearances . <unk> transfer conditions meant Leeds United still paid a significant proportion of Fowler 's wages . Fowler made his Manchester City debut against West Bromwich Albion on 1
 Nathan was promoted to the San Francisco Giants on April 20 , 1999 , taking the roster spot of superstar <unk> Barry Bonds , who went on the disabled list after left elbow surgery . He made his
So, I was already ok with it, but on the way out we saw the dessert case with individual cakes displayed and got a chocolate for him and a cheesecake with white
 Arriving at Baby 700 , Captain Eric Tulloch , 11th Battalion , decided to take his remaining sixty men towards Battleship Hill , leaving Lalor 's company to dig in and defend The Nek . Tulloch moved around to the right before advancing towards the summit . The 11th Battalion crossed the first rise unopposed , but at the second , Turkish defenders around four hundred yards ( 370 m ) away opened fire on them . Going to ground , the Australians returned fire . When the Turkish fire <unk> the remaining fifty men resumed their advance , reaching the now evacuated Turkish position , behind which was a large depression , with Battleship Hill beyond that . Still under fire they moved forward again , then around seven hundred yards ( 640 m ) from the summit The Turks opened fire on them from a trench . The Australians held out for thirty minutes , but increasing Turkish fire and mounting casualties convinced Tulloch to withdraw
 Ímar mac Arailt ( died 1054 ) was an eleventh @-@ century ruler of the Kingdom of Dublin and perhaps the Kingdom of the Isles . He was the son of a man named Aralt , and appears to have been a grandson of Amlaíb Cuarán , King of Northumbria and Dublin . Such a relationship would have meant that Ímar was a member of the Uí <unk> , and that he was a nephew of Amlaíb Cuarán 's son , Sitriuc mac Amlaíb , King of Dublin , a man driven from Dublin
 Moderate damage occurred upon the hurricane 's arrival in Norfolk , Virginia . Winds toppled a number of newly built structures and chimneys , uprooted trees and fences , and washed two <unk> aground . After the storm , alterations to the shoreline around the Chesapeake Bay permitted the full establishment of a town at Willoughby <unk> . The Rose @-@ in @-@ Bloom was caught in the hurricane while offshore of <unk> Inlet , New Jersey , en route to New York City from Charleston , but was struck by a large wave which overturned the ship , resulting in the deaths of 21 of its 48 passengers and the loss of $ 171 @,@ 000 of its $ 180 @,@ 000 ( 1806 USD ) cargo . The vessel only barely stayed afloat , with 30 <unk> of cotton preventing it from sinking entirely ; survivors were ferried to New York by the British brig Swift , which had then been traveling toward St. John 's , Newfoundland . The hurricane produced strong gusts within the vicinity of New York City , and at Belleville , New Jersey , several peach trees were <unk> and uprooted . Cape Cod , Massachusetts was struck by heavy rain and observed minor damage to its port . At <unk> , meanwhile , an individual witnessed torrential rainfall , recording that a barrel was filled with 30 in ( 76 cm ) of water , and estimating total rainfall reached 36 in ( 91 cm ) there , where the storm devastated local crops and <unk> five cargo ships . At <unk> , meanwhile , severe damage to crops and
3906	The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
 During his initial audition , Johnston claimed that he was bullied and <unk> from the age of six because of his singing . When asked how he dealt with the issue , he stated " I carry on singing . " There were claims in the Daily Mail , a UK @-@ based tabloid newspaper , that the programme 's producers had deliberately <unk> the extent of Johnston 's bullying as a " <unk> story " , suggesting that sympathy rather than his singing got him many of the votes . However , in The Times , Johnston 's success story was described as " the stuff of <unk> " , as he was successful despite having been raised in " poverty " . Johnston said he did not talk about being bullied because he was told to do so by producers , but " because I believed it would help people who were going through what I had gone through be stronger " . Johnston has subsequently visited schools and elsewhere to help other victims of bullying . He said " I want to use my experience of <unk> to help other kids " .
 Publisher Kaspar Braun , who commissioned Busch 's first illustrations , had established the first workshop in Germany to use wood engraving . This <unk> printing technique was developed by English graphic artist Thomas <unk> near the end of the 18th century and became the most widely used reproduction system for illustrations over the years . Busch insisted on first making the drawings , afterwards writing the verse . Surviving preparatory drawings show line notes , ideas , and movement and <unk> studies . The draft was then transferred by pencil on white @-@ <unk> panels of hardwood end grain . Not only was it hard work , but the quality of the printing block was crucial . Everything left white on the block , around Busch 's drawn lines , was cut from the plate by skilled <unk> . Wood engraving allows a finer differentiation than woodcut and the potential tonal values are of almost the quality of intaglio printing , such as copper engraving . Sometimes the result was not satisfactory , leading Busch to rework or reproduce plates . The wood engraving technique did not allow for fine lines , which is why Busch 's drawing , especially in his illustrated tales up to the mid @-@
I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the
 More positively , Nelson <unk> , a Venezuelan TV commentator , considers the novel to be a tonic for Latin American culture : " people here saw a Bolívar who is a man of flesh and bones just like themselves " . Mexican author Carlos <unk> agrees with <unk> saying : " What comes across beautifully and <unk> in this book is a man dealing with the unknown world of democratic ideas " . García Márquez realistically portrays a ridiculous figure trapped in a labyrinth , <unk> the General 's defects , and presenting an image of Bolívar contrary to that instilled in classrooms . However , the novel also depicts Bolívar as an idealist and political theorist who predicted many problems that would obstruct Latin American advancement in the future . García Márquez depicts a figure who was aware of the racial and social friction in Latin American society , feared debt , and warned against economic <unk> . He has the General warn his
He should be grateful he's never met me in person.
7124	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on
 In early June , Nixon continued to be regarded as the favorite to win the nomination , but observers noted that he had not yet locked up the nomination . He still faced challenges from Nelson Rockefeller and Ronald Reagan , and was not on the ballot in California , where Reagan won a large slate of delegates . Behind the scenes , Nixon staff lobbied for delegates from " favorite son " candidates , resulting , in the backing of Senator Howard Baker of Tennessee , and his 28 pledged delegates , as well as those 58 delegates supporting Senator Charles Percy of Illinois . After the assassination of Robert Kennedy , like the other candidates , Nixon took a break from campaigning . Reports suggested that the assassination all but assured his nomination . Upon returning to the trail , Nixon found that Rockefeller had begun attacking him . Rockefeller described Nixon as a man " of the old politics " who has " great natural capacity not to do the right thing , especially under pressure . " Nixon refused to respond to the jabs , stating that he would not participate in attacks . As he edged closer to the nomination , discussions about his running mate arose . Republicans in the Midwest pushed for Mayor John Lindsay of New York City . The endorsement of Nixon by Senator Mark Hatfield of Oregon raised speculation that he might be chosen . Congressman George Bush of Texas and Senator Percy were also mentioned as possible selections . At the end of the month , Nixon had two thirds of the required 667 delegates necessary to win the
 Yankovic was dismayed by the album 's lackluster reception . He noted that he " thought it was the end of [ his ] career " . Yankovic explained that " I figured I 'd peaked with ' Eat It ' and ' Like a
The chef/owner is very passionate about his restaurant and stops by
 The chanonry , referred to in the cathedral 's <unk> as the college of the chanonry or simply as the college , was the collection of the canons ' manses that were grouped around the cathedral . A substantial wall , over 3 @.@ 5 metres ( 11 ft ) high , 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) thick and around 820 metres ( 2 @,@ 690 ft ) in length , enclosed the cathedral and manses and separated the church community from the laity ; only the manse of <unk> lay outside the west wall . The houses of 17 vicars and the many chaplains were also situated outside the west wall . The wall had four gates : the West Port gave access to the burgh , the North Port provided access to the road to the bishop 's palace of Spynie , the South Port opened opposite the hospital of <unk> Dieu and the surviving East or <unk> Port allowed access to the <unk> called Le <unk> . The <unk> Port illustrates the <unk> defences of the gate @-@ houses ( Fig . 1 ) . Each canon or <unk> was responsible for providing his own manse and was built to reflect his status within the chapter . The castle having become unsuitable , Edward I of England stayed at the manse of <unk> on 10 and 11 September <unk> as did James II in <unk> . In 1489 , a century after the incendiary attack on the cathedral and precinct in 1390 and 1402 , the cathedral records revealed a chanonry still lacking many of its manses . The chapter ordered that 13 canons , including the <unk> and the archdeacon , should immediately " erect , construct , build , and duly repair their manses , and the enclosures of their gardens within the college of Moray " . The manse
So he took our order and then tik tok tik
 Walpole 's works have not been completely neglected in recent years . The Herries stories have seldom been out of print , and in 2014 <unk> listed a dozen recent <unk> of Walpole 's works , including The Wooden Horse , The Dark Forest , The Secret City , Jeremy , and The Cathedral . In 2011 the BBC broadcast a <unk> of Walpole , The Walpole Chronicle , presented by Eric Robson . In 2013 a new stage version of Rogue Herries was presented by the Theatre by the Lake company in Walpole 's adopted home of Keswick . The BBC speculated that this could mark a revival in interest in his works . 
 As in earlier centuries , Jain authors wrote about <unk> ( saints ) , princes and other personages important to the Jain religion . Jain versions of the Hindu epics such as the Ramayana and Bhagavata ( tales of Hindu god Krishna ) were also written . According to R. <unk> , a noted scholar on Kannada literature , more Jain writers wrote in Kannada than in any other <unk> language during the " Augustan age " of Kannada literature , from the earliest known works to the 12th century . The Veerashaiva writers , devotees of the Hindu god Shiva , wrote about his 25 forms in their <unk> of <unk> . Vaishnava authors wrote treatments of the Hindu epics , the Ramayana , the Mahabharata and the Bhagavata . Breaking away from the old Jain tradition of using the champu form for writing Kannada literature , Harihara penned poems in the ragale metre in <unk> @-@ <unk> @-@ <unk> ( 1160 ) . His nephew Raghavanka established the shatpadi tradition by writing a unique version of the story of King Harishchandra in Harishchandra Kavya ( 1200 ) . Sisumayana introduced the sangatya metre in his <unk> and <unk> ( 1235 ) . However , some scholars continued to
 St. John the Baptist ; central
 When I first remember seeing Hugh Walpole 's name he had no public at all , but the ferocious young reviewers – the " <unk> " as we have since learned to call them – delighted in him . Now he has an enormous public , both in England and America , and the young "
 During the previous night , the German and Ottoman force evacuated Katia and was moving towards Oghratina when Chauvel ordered the Anzac Mounted Division to continue the attack . The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades and the 5th Mounted Brigade were ordered to capture Oghratina . Despite attempts by these two brigades to turn the enemy flank , they were forced to make a frontal attack on strongly entrenched <unk> in positions which favoured the defenders and which were supported by carefully positioned artillery . Meanwhile , the two infantry divisions moved to garrison Katia and Abu Hamra and Lawrence moved his headquarters forward from Kantara to Romani . The 3rd Light Horse Brigade on the right advanced towards <unk> , but could only make small progress , against positions securely held by German
He is a good character around the place,
4514	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are
"My bf is obsessed, he cant stop talking
I must say that Dr. Noorda and his
The Dr was very knowledgeable, except he dilated my eyes when I specifically told his tech I didn't want it, and even signed something saying i didn't
His crew were also awesome and on point.
He said: I hope my spontaneity will not be
Although measured and deliberate in his responses, there is one moment when the
The staff is nice and the mechanic explained everything he did to the car and they
The time he spends with his patients give great insight into
 Domnall 's rise to power in the Kingdom of Dublin took place in 1075 , after the expulsion of the reigning Gofraid mac Amlaíb meic Ragnaill , King of Dublin by the latter 's overlord , Toirdelbach Ua Briain , King of Munster . The circumstances surrounding Domnall 's accession are uncertain . He may have collaborated with Gofraid to <unk> the kingdom from the grip of the Uí Briain , or he may have been installed in the kingship by Toirdelbach himself , and ruled under the latter 's <unk> . Whatever the case , Domnall died within the year , and Toirdelbach placed his own son , <unk> , upon the throne . 
6043	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its
His class is difficult to say the least but you ALWAYS leave
 The earliest antiquarian accounts of Coldrum Long Barrow were never published . There are claims that at the start of the nineteenth century , the Reverend Mark Noble , Rector of <unk> , prepared a plan of the site for Gentleman 's Magazine , although no copies have been produced to verify this . Between 1842 and 1844 , the Reverend <unk> Post authored <unk> Remains at Coldrum , in which he described the monument , although it remained unpublished at the time . <unk> the site with the <unk> of Britain 's Iron Age , Post 's suggestion was that the name " Coldrum " derived from the linguistically Celtic " <unk> @-@ Dun " , and that the chiefs of some of the <unk> Gauls were interned there . He further reported that in both 1804 and 1825 , skulls had been found at the site . In 1844 , an antiquarian named Thomas Wright published a note on the Coldrum Stones and other Medway Megaliths in The Archaeological Journal . Wright had been alerted to their existence by a local vicar , the Reverend Lambert B. <unk> , and proceeded to visit them with him . Describing the <unk> , Wright mentioned "
9482	It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor
We took a booth and ordered the elixir pasta and fish n chips both meals were amazing and as we ate we were talking about Pat because he is so positive and helpful we were like Pat gets 20 stars out
 The cover of Dylan 's album Self Portrait ( 1970 ) is a reproduction of a painting of a face by Dylan . Another of his paintings is
"President Trump's Tax Returns Show Some Income from Russian Sources, Say His
He even gave me
3970	Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along
 Not yet eligible for salary arbitration , the Mets renewed deGrom 's contract for the 2016 season with a $ <unk> @,@ 000 salary , a raise from the $ <unk> @,@ <unk> they paid him for the previous season . DeGrom refused to sign the contract in protest , but stated that he was open to negotiating a contract
Rex needed to cleanse himself from the memory of that awful experience...so Rex
The guy that poured my smoothie asked me how my day was and I told him "horrible" (considering what I had just dealt with when purchasing the smoothie) The guy respond after I said "horrible" he stayed quite and looked down
I got a text saying he was at dinner, but would return my call.
Ive been taking my son to Pioneer since he was
 The BBC has <unk> some of Hornung 's Raffles stories for radio , first in the 1940s and again in the 1990s , when Nigel Havers played Raffles . In 1977 Anthony Valentine played the thief , and Christopher <unk> his partner , in a Yorkshire Television series . A
The difference between his old center and this one is night and day AND
"o heck he done broked the laws, is still
430	One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more
 At Michigan , he finished second on the team in rushing as a freshman and a sophomore and led the team in rushing as a junior and a senior . As a junior , he was an honorable mention All @-@ Big Ten Conference selection by the coaches . He had previously been ranked as the number one high school football fullback in the nation , according to
The latest disagreement between the club and player comes after a bizarre episode at the end of the season when Yaya's agent said the midfielder was threatening to force a move from the Etihad Stadium after being upset by the club's failure to mark his 31st birthday sufficiently.
He also doesn't advertise it as much as others, but he's been on Penn and Teller's Fool
I started to walk over when another customer who didn't realize I was coming walked ahead of me to have his cart
 He was known for his support of representative democracy and his populist style . For example ,
Everyone in the place seemed to know him and he was very friendly when he said hi to
 The design , by John Pemberton , won the Design Council Award in 1977 , as the Executive had in 1973 , and there are examples in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in
He made me some new ones  anyway - but we had to go, we'd been there forever already and did not want to listen to the insanely loud dude with the guitar who
 1965 , H. A. Simon : " machines will be capable , within twenty years , of doing any work a man
 In 1996 , Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges published the results of a cladistic analysis of morphological characters of Banksia . They retained George 's <unk> and many of his series , but discarded his sections
I inherited my parents' (my father used to be a chef) canine-like nose and taste, so I definitely know when
I went with four girls and one guy, Daniel, so I made him use
 In June 2007 , after two weeks of protests , some DePaul students staged a sit @-@ in and hunger strike in support of both professors denied tenure . The Illinois Conference of the American Association of University <unk> also sent a letter to the university 's president stating : " It is entirely illegitimate for a university to deny tenure to a professor out of fear that his published research ... might hurt a college 's reputation " and that the association has " explicitly rejected <unk> as an appropriate criterion for evaluating faculty members " . In a 2014 interview , professor Matthew Abraham , author of Out of <unk> : Academic Freedom and the Question of Palestine , described the Finkelstein tenure case as " one of the most significant academic freedom cases in the last fifty years " , claiming the case demonstrated " the substantial pressure outside parties can place on
 In November , Fowler travelled to Frankfurt , Germany to see Dr. Hans @-@ Wilhelm <unk> @-@ <unk> , a specialist sports injuries doctor , to try and resolve a recurring hip problem that had left him lacking fitness in early season fixtures for the <unk> . The treatment involved taking around twenty @-@ eight <unk> into his hip . He returned to full training in late November and made his comeback on 15 December as a late substitute in a 1 – 0 defeat against Bristol City . However he went on to suffer another injury blow just days later after a <unk> tackle in training from club captain Darren <unk> left him with damaged ankle ligaments . Due to the new injury blow Cardiff and Fowler made plans
See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a
 Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney − Trials and Tribulations is the third entry in the series . It was originally released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 in Japan ; it has also been released for Microsoft Windows in 2006 , the
 Stories including Zhou have also been used to educate . The Secondary School system of Hong Kong teaches children the value of <unk> by making them read about the close teacher @-@ pupil relationship between Zhou and Yue . A morale tale called " Yue Fei Studies <unk> " in Children 's <unk> , a Chinese magazine tailored for children ages two through seven , demonstrates how great achievements are only made possible via <unk> practice . The story states how young Yue stumbles upon Zhou 's training hall in a neighboring town while gathering fire wood . Yue applies to become a student , but Zhou tells him he must first practice the art of the " far @-@ sighted person " by staring into the morning sun to improve his eyesight . After years of <unk> practice , Yue is able to spot a lone <unk> flying off in the distance and two <unk> on a tree far into the forest . Zhou then officially takes him as his disciple and adopted son . Under his tutelage , Yue is able to master the eighteen weapons of war and to shoot a falling
I went with my friend on a Friday morning in July and he place was fairly busy
It took at least 4 minutes before the guy came to the window to inform me, he put
 On May 18 , 2007 , WWE reported that Helms had broken two vertebrae in his neck , one of which was pressing on his spinal <unk> . He underwent surgery with Dr. Lloyd <unk> to repair them approximately a week later . Following the surgery
We knew then that representing England was only a matter of time, and he was handed
 In September 2008 , Garry McGuire announced that 24 of 80 employees were being laid off and the days of operation would be reduced from 7 to 3 per week . <unk> figures had never reached either original or updated projections , causing the facility to operate annually in the red since its opening . In November , he announced that the property would be sold due to <unk> debt . The museum closed on Friday , November 21 , 2008 . The closure was without warning ; visitors who had arrived for scheduled events found a paper notice at the entrance that the center was temporarily closed . The next days ' events involving chef Andrew <unk>
After round 1 of picking up a toy and some treats, I asked Steve (the owner who was working at the time) for some advice on which wet food he recommends I use to make Minnie's dry
 The Phillies finished with the best record in MLB . Hamels started Game 3 of the National League Division Series against the Cincinnati Reds and , for the first time in his postseason career , pitched a complete game shutout . The Phillies advanced to the National League Championship Series facing the San Francisco Giants , where Hamels took the loss in Game 3 giving up three runs as the Giants ' Matt Cain shutout the Phillies , en route to the
 O 'Malley and Bell called for " zero tolerance " to all crime , though Stokes felt this policy was biased against minorities . Stokes ran on the issue of education , as he was a former member of the Baltimore school board , in addition to the city council . Stokes vowed to reduce class sizes and reverse the trend
He was super enthusiastic and caring of his
 Once Ardan successfully lands the shell on the moon , he must solve a series of puzzles on the surface in order to gain access to the hidden civilization
 Townsend recently discussed at least a year @-@ long hiatus , beginning after the Z ² show taking place at the Royal Albert Hall on April 13 , 2015 . During the indefinitely long break Townsend intends to " recharge his batteries " , " get some inspiration and experiences " and to " see what the next chapter holds " for him . 
The Pad Thai came with shrimp and chicken, and although they were imitation meat, my husband couldn't bring himself to
He brought extra hot sauce and jalapenos without us even
 While on patrol 20 kilometers northeast of " Rock Island East " on 23 May , a point man nicknamed Shakey ( Chris <unk> ) from the 5th Battalion , 7th Cavalry , <unk> over a metal plate buried just below the surface of the ground . The <unk> was later killed by PAVN defenders , but the <unk> he had uncovered was the first of 59 buried storage bunkers at the site of what was thereafter known as " Shakey 's Hill " . The bunkers contained thousands of cases of weapons and ammunition , all of which were turned over to the Cambodian army . Much of the captured enemy material was turned over to the MACV Special Support Group for Cambodia where it was maintained and then issued to Lon Nol 's Forces . This group was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Will H. Horn
 In 1965 , heading the Newport Folk Festival , Dylan performed his first electric set since high school with a <unk> group mostly from the Paul <unk> Blues Band , featuring Mike <unk> ( guitar ) , Sam Lay ( drums ) and Jerome Arnold ( bass ) , plus Al Kooper ( organ ) and
I told him that I called for tires cause I had a flat then, the guy said wait a minute and helped a guy who just wanted air in his tire so I waited for them to finish and he said how can I help you again and
It is unfortunate that the memory of his time in England, and the memory of English fans of him, is tainted by the
 " Baby Boy " 
"He's the T R A S H B O Y E, he eats
 In 1345 , while Grosmont was in France , his father died . The younger Henry was now Earl of Lancaster – the wealthiest and most powerful peer of the realm . After participating in the Siege of Calais in <unk> , the king honoured Lancaster by including him as a founding knight of the Order of the Garter in <unk> . A few years later , in 1351 , Edward bestowed an even greater honour on Lancaster when he created him
And finally, a 17 year old student has circulated a fake photograph of his principal that claimed to show how he was detained during a
5929	If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?
 Throughout his early career , although determined to become a musician , Beer found it difficult to decide between playing and composition . Certainly other professionals in the decade 1810 – 1820 , including Moscheles , considered him amongst the greatest <unk> of his period . He wrote during this period numerous piano
 The Cage provides further insight into why Shakespeare would not have trusted Judith 's husband . Around 1630 Quiney tried to sell the lease on the house but was prevented by his <unk> . In 1633 , to protect the interests of Judith and the children , the lease was signed over to the trust of : John Hall , Susanna 's husband ; Thomas Nash , the husband of Judith 's niece ; and Richard Watts , vicar of nearby <unk> , who was Quiney 's brother @-@ in @-@ law and who had <unk> at Thomas and Judith 's wedding . Eventually , in November 1652 , the lease to The Cage ended up in the
 Three of Baker 's books have thus far not been published : White Devils , Proto Punk , and <unk> Todd . Additionally , he wrote
We cannot allow innocent Afghan citizens to be kept in detention for months and years without a trial, for no reason at all, the spokesman Aimal Faizi told the
And boy am
 General Fraser , alerted to the American withdrawal early on July 6 , immediately set out in pursuit , leaving a message for General John Burgoyne to send reinforcements as quickly as possible . That night Fraser camped a few miles short of Hubbardton , and the German General Friedrich Adolf Riedesel , leading reinforcements , camped a few miles further back . Rising early in the morning , Fraser reached Hubbardton , where he surprised some elements of the American rear , while other elements managed to form defensive lines . In spirited battle , the Americans were driven back , but had almost succeeded in turning Fraser 's left flank when Riedesel and his German reinforcements arrived
 <unk> <unk> took some 1 @,@ 000 photographs before he died ; <unk> Braun some 3 @,@ 000 , of which 1 @,@ 500 survive ;
 The name Giacomo Meyerbeer first became known internationally with his opera Il crociato in Egitto — premiered in Venice in 1824 and produced in London and Paris in 1825 ; incidentally , it was the last opera ever written to feature a <unk> , and the last to require keyboard accompaniment
I asked my husband to try it and he agreed.
8330	The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
At his first
 In 2008 Rich Rodriguez replaced Lloyd Carr as head coach . In the spring , Brown broke his finger <unk> and Grady was still trying to get healthy . In early August , it appeared that juniors Brown and Minor would vie for the starting job because fourth @-@ year
Oh my God.Whats he gonna
 Hornung had worked on the novel manuscript he brought back from Australia and , between July and November 1890 , the story , " A Bride from the Bush " , was published in five parts in the Cornhill Magazine . It was also released that year as a book — his first . The story — described by Rowland as an " assured , graceful comedy of manners " — used Hornung 's knowledge of Australia as a backdrop ,
John--Fitness Trainer, is absolutely amazing at what he does.
He mixes his tricks with a biiiig dose of laughter.
 Only one son of Djedkare Isesi has been identified for certain , Neserkauhor , who bore the title of " eldest beloved king 's son of his body " . Neserkauhor also bore the title of <unk> @-@ pat , showing that he was an important member of the
He then proceeded to tell me that half
 In 1947 Olivier was appointed a Knight Bachelor , and in 1970 he was given a life peerage ; the Order of Merit was conferred on him in 1981 . He also received honours from foreign governments . In 1949 he was made Commander of the Order of the <unk> by the Danish government
 The speaker 's language is unadorned but forceful , and it expresses Ulysses ' conflicting moods as he searches for continuity between his past and future . There is often a marked contrast between the sentiment of Ulysses ' words and the sounds that express them . For example , the poem 's <unk> iambic <unk> is often interrupted by spondees ( <unk> feet that consist of two long syllables ) ; such <unk> language slows the poem ( and in other places may cast doubt upon
 " Chapter 1 " sets the tone for the environs of the series . According to David Carr the political environs have such " <unk> " that it <unk> the clandestine nature of political activities , including those of Underwood who says he is there to " clear the pipes and keep the sludge moving " . The fictional newspaper , The Washington Herald , is set with " brutal " lighting and drab furniture , in part because it was filmed at the real life Baltimore Sun offices . Carr uses several <unk> adjectives to describe Barnes ' apartment including sad , <unk> , dirty , dreary and humble but note that this implies that the digital revolution is dominated by people " on <unk> who have no furniture " . Similarly , Underwood and his associates are <unk> clad , Barnes shows a lack
He offered us ONE free meal.
 Reviews for " The Son Also Draws " were mixed to favorable . In his 2008 review , <unk> <unk> of IGN rated the episode an 8 / 10 , stating that while the episode is not an " instant classic " , it is " still quite strong " and has " more than a few clever moments " . He also notes that the <unk> are " kept to a minimum " , and much of the humor comes from the storyline . He commented that the episode did not have as much laugh @-@ out @-@ loud moments as other episodes , but stated that it had bolder humor than the show would later be known for . In his review of the first volume DVD
 Herodotus has documented that the Qedarites were called upon to assist <unk> II of the Persian empire in his invasion of Egypt in 525 BCE . The Qedarites and <unk> were known to enjoy close relations , even engaging as wartime allies against the Assyrians . It is possible that the Qedarites were eventually incorporated into the <unk> state which emerged as the strongest <unk> presence in northwestern
Today I took my son for the Shoe Tying
I told him no that I know for a fact he can do it and that I
"He (30/m) called me (30/f) crying and begging, saying he'd do anything to fix this. He said we haven't tried hard enough to fix this. I think it's too broken"
Perhaps he slept through
[F/28] Have been FWB with my roommate [M/26] for 3 years and wanting more. He confessed to me that he has feelings for our new roommate [F/20] and wants to just be friends
10880	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve
 In February 1960 , for his contribution to the film industry , Olivier was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame , with a star at <unk> Hollywood Boulevard ; he
A chip guy comes by and asks us if we want more chips, mistaking us for
 From 1976 to 1979 , the group lived in campgrounds , usually in the Rocky Mountains or Texas . Applewhite and Nettles began to place greater demands on their followers ' <unk> loosely structured lives , which improved membership retention . They typically communicated with their disciples in writing or through assistants . Increasingly , they emphasized that they were the only source of truth — the idea that members could receive individual revelations was rejected in an attempt to prevent <unk> . Applewhite also sought to prevent close friendships among his followers , fearing that this could lead to insubordination . Applewhite and Nettles insisted that their followers practice what they referred to as " flexibility " : strict obedience to their often shifting requests . The two leaders limited the group 's contacts with those outside the movement , even some who may have been interested in joining , ostensibly to prevent infiltration from hostile parties . In practice , this made their followers completely dependent upon them . Applewhite instructed his disciples to be like children or pets in their submission — their sole responsibility was to obey their leaders . Members were encouraged to constantly seek Applewhite 's advice and often ask themselves what their leaders would do when making a decision . To his followers , he did not seem dictatorial : many of them found him laid back and <unk> . In his 2000 study of the group , Winston Davis states that Applewhite mastered the " fine art of religious entertainment " , noting that many of his disciples seemed to enjoy their service . Applewhite organized seemingly arbitrary rituals that were intended to <unk> a sense of discipline in his followers ; he referred to these tasks as " games " . He also watched science @-@ fiction television programs with the rest of the group . Rather than issue direct commands , he attempted to express his preferences and nominally offer his
 By 14 February , the Allied troops had withdrawn into a small perimeter around the city . The 8th Division were holding a position 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) east of the city , centred upon the axis of the Holland Road , with its headquarters at <unk> Barracks . With the Japanese gaining ground to their north and south through the porous lines of the Indian 44th and British 54th Brigades , the situation became critical . Threatened with being cut off , Anketell began to plan a last stand ; moving forward to survey the situation he was badly wounded by mortar and small arms fire and after being
 According to the Augustan History , Odaenathus was declared king of Palmyra as soon as the news of the Roman defeat at Edessa reached the city . It is not known if Odaenathus contacted Fulvius Macrianus and there is no evidence that he took orders from him . 
 While working at his bar , Wever made a return to baseball in a coaching role . He was named varsity baseball coach at <unk> High School in <unk> , California in 2008 , after having volunteered for the freshman team the year before . He was forced to resign in 2010 due to a diagnosis of large @-@ cell lymphoma . He went on to continue coaching youth baseball camps and leagues , and was bench coach for the San Rafael
Our server this night was Keith and he
 Later , Brown revised the phylogeny of Corythosaurus , and found that it was closely related , and possibly ancestral to Hypacrosaurus . The only differences he found between them were the development of the vertebrae , and the proportions of the limbs . During a study of <unk> <unk> in the 1920s , Alfred Sherwood <unk> proposed that the two orders of dinosaurs might have evolved separately , and that birds , based on the shape and proportions of their <unk> might truly be specialized ornithischians . He used both <unk> and Corythosaurus as a base model to analyze which theory is more likely true . He found that even though birds are thought of as <unk> , it is very plausible for them to have evolved their specific pelvic <unk> and anatomy if they evolved from <unk> like
He said they didn't have any on the floor, but to follow him so they could
 With no other way to readily obtain cash , DuMont sold WDTV to Westinghouse Electric Corporation for $ 9 @.@ 75 million in late 1954 . While this gave DuMont a short @-@ term cash infusion , it eliminated the leverage the network had to get program clearances in other markets . Without its de facto monopoly in Pittsburgh , the company 's advertising revenue shrank to less than half that of 1953 . By February 1955 , DuMont executives realized the company could not continue as a television network . The decision was made to shut down network operations and operate WABD and WTTG as independent stations . On April 1 , 1955 , most of DuMont 's entertainment programs were dropped . Bishop Sheen aired his last program on DuMont on April 26 and later moved to ABC . By May , just eight programs were left on the network , with only inexpensive shows and sporting events keeping what was left of the network going through the summer . The network also largely abandoned the use of the intercity network coaxial cable , on which it had spent $ 3 million in 1954 to transmit shows that mostly lacked station clearance . The company only retained network links for live sports programming and utilizing the company 's <unk> process to produce studio @-@ based programming . Ironically , <unk> is best remembered for being used by Jackie Gleason 's producers for the 39 @-@ half @-@ hour episodes of The Honeymooners that aired on CBS during the 1955 @-@ 56 television season .
His latest role, as envisaged by Stuart Broad, is to bat at seven and shepherd the tail when batting first and steer the team home in run chases when they bat second, which he did on Sunday with Broad in tow
9929	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all
My hubby had the steak, and he also said it was really
Manager Jeremy has always gone out of his way
Le soir l'endroit parrait souvent victime de son succès ... À en juger par la longue file d'attente face à
5013	Better still , he does all of this , and
 Nathan earned his first save at Target Field on April 8 , 2011 . He emptied the container of dirt he took from the Metrodome on the mound at Target Field before pitching . On April 18
 The idea of bodyline had originated in the Oval Test of the 1930 Ashes series . While Bradman was batting , the wicket became briefly difficult following rain . Bradman was seen to be uncomfortable facing deliveries which bounced higher than usual at a faster pace , being seen to step back out of the line of the ball . Former England player and Surrey captain Percy Fender was one who noticed , and the incident was much discussed by cricketers . However , given that Bradman scored 232 , it was not thought that a way to curb his prodigious scoring had been found . When Douglas Jardine later saw film footage of the Oval incident and noticed Bradman 's discomfort , he shouted , " I 've got it ! He 's yellow ! " Further details adding to the plan came from letters Fender received from Australia in 1932 , which described how Australian batsmen were increasingly moving across the stumps towards the off side to play the ball on the on side . Fender showed these letters to Jardine when it became clear that he was to captain MCC in Australia during the 1932 – 33 tour , and he also discussed Bradman 's discomfort at the Oval . It was also known in England that Bradman was dismissed for a four @-@ ball duck by fast bowler Eddie Gilbert , and looked very uncomfortable . Bradman had also appeared uncomfortable against the pace of Sandy Bell in his innings of <unk> not out at the Adelaide Oval in South Africa 's tour of Australia earlier in 1932 , when the desperate bowler decided to bowl short to him , and fellow South African Herbie Taylor , according to Jack Fingleton , may have mentioned this to English cricketers in 1932 . Fender felt Bradman might be vulnerable to fast , short @-@ pitched deliveries on the line of leg stump . Jardine felt that Bradman was afraid to stand his ground against <unk> bowling , citing instances in 1930 when he <unk> about , contrary to orthodox batting technique . 
He said: This
 Applewhite and Nettles feared that they would be assassinated , and taught their followers that their deaths would be similar to those of the two witnesses of the Book of Revelation . Balch and Taylor believe that Applewhite 's prison experience and early rejection by audiences contributed to this fear . Applewhite and Nettles later explained to their followers that the former 's treatment by the press was a form of assassination and had fulfilled their prophecy . Applewhite took a <unk> view of the Bible , seeing it as a record of extraterrestrial contact with humanity . He drew heavily from the Book of Revelation , although he avoided traditional theological terminology and took a somewhat
 Although they had ample opportunity , at no time did any of them even hint that " Earnest " was a synonym for homosexual , or that " <unk> " may have implied homosexual sex . The first time I heard it mentioned was in the 1980s and I immediately consulted Sir John Gielgud whose own performance of Jack Worthing in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical lore was <unk> . He replied in his ringing tones : " No @-@ No !
 While the vast majority of casualties were Haitian civilians , the dead included aid workers , embassy staff , foreign tourists — and a number of public figures , including Archbishop of Port @-@ au @-@ Prince Monsignor Joseph Serge <unk> , aid worker <unk> <unk> and officials in the Haitian government , including opposition leader Michel " <unk> " Gaillard . Also killed were a number of well @-@ known Haitian musicians and sports figures , including thirty members of the Fédération <unk> de Football . At least 85 United Nations personnel working with MINUSTAH were killed , among them the Mission Chief , <unk> <unk> , his deputy , Luiz Carlos da Costa , and police commissioner Douglas <unk> . Around 200 guests were killed in
My boyfriend sees Matt for his haircuts.
 His health declining , Baltimore 's persistence over the charter finally paid off in 1632 . The king first granted him a location south of Jamestown , but Baltimore asked the king to reconsider in response to opposition from other investors interested in settling the new land of Carolina into a sugar plantation . Baltimore eventually compromised by accepting redrawn boundaries to the north of the Potomac River , on either side of the Chesapeake Bay . The charter was about to pass when the fifty @-@ two @-@ year @-@ old Baltimore died in his lodgings at Lincoln 's Inn Fields , on 15 April 1632 . Five weeks later ,
I [29/F] broke up with bf [25/M] and asked him to leave. He wants to stay
On Saturday Mr Sage wrote a second letter to Mr Rees-Mogg asking him to declare his position.
 The next few years saw Dylan returning to his roots with two albums covering folk and blues numbers : Good as I Been to You ( 1992 ) and World Gone Wrong ( 1993 ) , featuring interpretations and acoustic guitar work . Many critics and fans commented on the quiet beauty of the song " Lone Pilgrim " , written by a 19th @-@ century teacher . In November 1994 Dylan recorded two live shows for MTV Unplugged . He said his wish to perform traditional songs was overruled by Sony executives who insisted on hits . The album from it , MTV Unplugged , included " John Brown " , an unreleased 1962 song of how
Kunduz police spokesman
5762	If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to
 Development continued with a more experimental ethos until the company began to run out of capital . The Canadian government loan that had funded Polytron 's <unk> phase was not renewed for their production phase . They also lost funding from the organization that preceded the Indie Fund as Polytron 's producer left the company . Fish borrowed money from friends and family for three months to keep the company open . In dire <unk> , he considered <unk> the project . In March 2011 , the nearby <unk> developer @-@ publisher Trapdoor offered to help Polytron , having just signed a deal with Electronic Arts to publish their own game , <unk> . Trapdoor assisted with Polytron 's finances and operations and offered to treat them as part of their company and let them keep their intellectual property rights in exchange for a portion of Fez 's earnings . Fish felt that partnership rescued the game . 
He even put up with the kazillion questions my boyfriend
 Goffman 's early works consist of his graduate writings of 1949 – 53 . His master 's thesis was a survey of audience responses to a radio soap opera , Big Sister . One
 At 09 : 00 Sefik and his two battalions were approaching <unk> Tepe , and made contact with his 2nd Battalion that had conducted a fighting withdrawal ,
He seemed unhappy to be there and
 Jordan kept busy over the next few years by staying in shape , playing golf in celebrity charity tournaments , spending time with his family in Chicago , promoting his Jordan Brand clothing line , and riding <unk> . Since 2004 , Jordan has owned Michael Jordan <unk> , a professional closed @-@ course motorcycle road racing team that competed with two <unk> in the
Yeah. Just, if its possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have
I was hoping his word was gold and I was going to
Anyways i called and john was very nice and told me he would swap my tree out at no extra cost which they did and
 In 2004 , Guinness launched a retrospective television advertising campaign promoting Guinness Extra Cold stout , featuring new ten @-@ second versions of commercials broadcast between 1984 and 2004 . These included Mars ( with <unk> <unk> reprising his role as the " Pure Genius " ) , <unk> , Fish Bicycle , Surfer , and Bet on <unk> noitulovE joined the campaign in 2006 , and was the only
He took
I have had the privilege of meeting the owner and his
 3 Count later disbanded as Moore and Helms kicked Karagias out of the group for attempting to steal the spotlight . At the same time , the Jung Dragons turned on Jamie Noble , who formed a team with Karagias . The three teams met in a Triangle match at <unk> , which 3 Count won . They also wrestled each other in a number one <unk> ladder match at <unk> , to earn a WCW Cruiserweight Championship match , in which both Moore and Helms grabbed the contract at the same time . As a result , they later wrestled for the opportunity to wrestle for the championship , which Helms won , although he lost the subsequent championship match to <unk> Guerrero at the Sin pay @-@
It was something of a forced smile or perhaps he was squinting due to sun coming in from the
Dr. Ruiz referred me to the best specialists and has kept up to date with his treatments.
rakishi from wwf was there enjoying his
After COUNTLESS failed attempts I was sent to the Emergency room by my eye doctor and told I would be be admitted but he still wanted to continue trying to contact the Brain and Spine Center as this is a
He didn't seem to care too much
 Like all the characters from Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe , Liu Kang was selected to be a playable character based on his popularity . Jesse Schedeen of IGN said that " it just wouldn 't be right having a game without [ Liu Kang ] , " noting him to be as fierce as the DC Universe characters in this game . In 2010 , <unk> ranked Liu Kang as the second best Mortal Kombat character , commenting that " his <unk> and fighting expertise make him an ideal pick " and how he is as good as zombie as when he was alive . In 2011 , Bright <unk> ranked Liu Kang as the second best character in the series . In UGO 's 2012 list of top Mortal Kombat characters , Liu Kang was
 England 's most recent <unk> into the IRB Hall are 19th @-@ century internationals Alfred St. George Hamersley and Robert Seddon , both inducted in 2013 . Hamersley played for England in the first @-@ ever rugby union international against Scotland in 1871 , and captained England in the last of his four appearances in 1874 . He went on to play significant roles in the early development of the sport in both New Zealand and Canada . Seddon , capped three times for England in 1887 , was most notable as the captain of the unofficial British side that toured Australia and New Zealand in 1888 ; he died in a boating accident during the tour . This venture proved to be the genesis of the modern British and
Wolfgang Puck has like a million restaurants in Vegas and this one is similar to most of his
 Richard Paul Wesley Cresswell ( born 20 September 1977 ) is an English semi @-@ professional footballer who plays for Northern Counties East League Premier Division club <unk> Albion . He primarily plays as a striker but can also play as a
First, I doubted how good they would be because the receptionist was not that friendly, nor he seemed to even
 In 2008 , an estimated 140 @,@ 000 married fathers worked in the home as their children 's primary <unk> while their wives worked outside of the home to provide for the family . This number is less than the previous two years according to the US Census Bureau . In 2007 , stay @-@ at @-@ home dads made up approximately 2 @.@ 7 % of the nation 's stay @-@ at @-@ home parents . This is triple the percentage from 1997 , and has been consistently higher each year since 2005 . In 2006 , stay @-@ at @-@ home dads were caring for approximately 245 @,@ 000 children ; 63 % of stay @-@ at @-@ home dads had two or more children . These statistics only account for married stay @-@ at @-@ home dads ; there are other children being cared for by single fathers or gay couples . Also , it is difficult to <unk> how many of these stay @-@ at @-@ home dads have accepted the role voluntarily , and how many have been forced into it by the economic crisis of the late 2000s and early 2010s during which a great number of mostly @-@ male blue @-@ collar
4950	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
The operations manager for Diamond Offshore Drilling International was shot twice as he tried to flee his Lexus on Wednesday.
My wife and son took our Edge in for a routine oil change and next thing I know they are given a recommendation
 Hornung returned to England in February 1886 , before the death of his father in November . From a position of relative prosperity , John 's coal and iron business had encountered difficulties and he was in financially <unk> circumstances by the time of his death . Hornung found work in London as a journalist and story writer , often publishing his work under a pseudonym , although in 1887 he published his first story under his own name , " <unk> of Five " , which appeared in <unk> magazine . His work as a journalist was during the period of Jack
 Sir John Henry <unk> , a pioneer in the study of terrestrial magnetism served as director of the magnetic observatory from 1842 to 1853 ; In 1960 , the Ontario Heritage Foundation , Ministry of <unk> and Culture erected a Provincial Military Plaque in his honour on the University of Toronto campus . 
Cynthia took the time help me pick out everything I needed for the most important interview of my life, for the coat, too he dress shirt, to the shoes.
Instead he was throwing me out of my
 Facelift was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) by the end of 1990 , while the band continued to hone its audience , opening for such artists as <unk> Pop , Van Halen , Poison , and Extreme . In early 1991 , Alice in Chains landed the opening slot for the Clash of the Titans tour with <unk> , <unk> , and Slayer , exposing the band to a wide metal audience but receiving mainly poor reception . Alice in Chains was nominated for a Best Hard Rock Performance Grammy Award in 1992 for " Man in the Box " but lost to Van Halen for
I attempted to complain to management, but a tattooed guy with a beard said that my vague description was not going to help him narrow down the
 Between 1975 and 1982 , Bill Beaumont represented England in 34 Tests . Playing at lock , he was captain between 1978 and 1982 in 21 Tests including the 1980 Grand Slam – England 's first since 1957 . Later that year , he captained the British Lions to South Africa – the first time an <unk> had captained the Lions since 1930 . Furthermore , Beaumont represented the <unk> FC on fifteen occasions .
Klinsmann had his team clicking, and the American fan
When we complained to the manager he said that server would not be there much longer and he would take off the food we never
I love that he is a hands on owner and it shows that he has a real investment in the
 Born in West Germany , Wever moved to the United States as a child , where he took up baseball . He played baseball in high school and the University of California , Santa Barbara , which led to him being drafted by the New York Yankees . After four seasons in the minor leagues , Wever made his major league debut on 17 September 1982 . In his debut , he suffered a shoulder injury , which he tried to pitch through for two years before having surgery in 1984 . He tried to come back from the injury in 1985 , but retired . After retiring , he opened a bar in San Francisco , which he continues to run . 
He joins a growing list of
 <unk> , who won 20 games for the Tigers in 1956 , had continually under @-@ performed since , and was noted for being in the manager 's " <unk> " ; however , <unk> sportswriter <unk> <unk> commented , " I can 't see where they ( Tigers ) gained a thing in this transaction . " The Tigers had lost 15 of their first 17 games of the season before the trade and decided that changes were needed . In addition to the Sisler trade they fired manager Bill Norman and replaced him with Jimmy Dykes . These moves initially proved effective , sparking a winning game streak , which began by defeating the Yankees in both games of a <unk> on May 3 . Continuing their rebound , the Tigers faced the Red Sox next , winning two of three , and Sisler pitched a scoreless one @-@ inning relief appearance against his former team on May 6 . Used exclusively in relief , Sisler pitched in 32 games for the Tigers , winning one game against three losses and collected seven saves , which was seventh most in the AL , and he
Well maybe it would work if it were an older guy with
Yes, and I know that youd say no if he asked you, but Im sorry; how
He was finishing up a job and told me he'd be here in an
He's really skilled and takes his time to give you
When he brought my pizza I mentioned my iced
4993	By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a
 The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles . Von Reuter believed that the British intended to seize the German ships on 21 June 1919 , which was the deadline for Germany to have signed the peace treaty . <unk> that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd , Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the first opportunity . On the morning of 21 June , the British fleet left Scapa Flow to conduct training maneuvers , and at 11 : 20 Reuter transmitted the order to his ships . Markgraf sank at 16 : 45 . The British soldiers in the guard detail <unk> in their attempt to prevent the Germans from scuttling the ships ; they shot and killed Markgraf 's captain , Walter Schumann , who was in a lifeboat , and an enlisted man . In total , the guards killed nine Germans and wounded twenty @-@ one . The remaining crews , totaling some 1
When I check in, I am talking to a friendly employee and he is telling me about where the pool is, how to connect to the wi-fi and, out of the blue, says, "Snoop Dogg will be here on Tuesday with Dr.
Not that this would preclude a rivalry between Tom Brady and Manning's successor Andrew Luck, something which we may see after a postseason clash that featured Luck at his best (that late game bomb to
I told him I couldn't see a difference and then made it clear that I wasn't buying anything and he immediately got nasty, telling me how badly my soggy face needs it and then he decided to just ignore me
 At various points during " Until the End of the World " and " New Year 's Day " , Bono <unk> for the audience to help him with the vocals , and by the eighth song of the night , " Pride ( In the Name of Love ) " , he was reduced to speaking the lyrics instead of singing them . The band continued with their standard set list
 Alkan 's attachment to his Jewish origins is displayed both in his life and his work . He was the first composer to incorporate Jewish melodies in art music . <unk> in Hebrew and Greek , he devoted much time to a complete new translation of the Bible into French . This work , like many of his musical compositions , is now lost . Alkan never married , but his presumed son <unk> @-@ Miriam Delaborde was , like Alkan , a virtuoso performer on both the piano and the pedal piano , and edited a number of the elder composer 's
He was prompt, professional and I wish I had
 On December 20 , 1915 , the first demonstration in Belém took place at the <unk> <unk> . The O Tempo newspaper announced the event , stating that Conde Koma would show the main jiu @-@ jitsu techniques , excepting the prohibited ones . He would also demonstrate self @-@ defense techniques . After that , the troupe would be accepting challenges from the crowd , and there would be the first sensational match of jiu @-@ jitsu between Shimitsu ( champion of Argentina ) and Laku ( Peruvian military professor ) . On December 22 , 1915 , according to O Tempo , jiu @-@ jitsu world champion Maeda , head of the Japanese troupe , and Satake , New York champion , performed an enthusiastic and sensational jiu @-@ jitsu match . On the same day , <unk> <unk> , an Australian Greco @-@ Roman wrestling champion of Turkish origin , challenged Maeda . On December 24 , 1915 , Maeda defeated in seconds the boxer <unk> <unk> <unk> , who became one of his disciples . On January 3 , 1916 at <unk> <unk> , Maeda finally fought <unk> <unk> , who was thrown off the stage and pinned into submission by arm @-@ lock . On January 8 , 1916 , Maeda , Okura , and Shimitsu boarded the SS Antony and left for Liverpool . Tokugoro Ito went to Los Angeles . Satake and Laku stayed in Manaus teaching , according to O Tempo , jiu @-@ jitsu . After 15 years together , Maeda and Satake had finally split up . Of this last trip , little is known . Maeda went from England to Portugal , Spain , and France , coming back to Brazil in
The year I spent in Joe Arpaio’s tent jail was hell. He should never walk free.
I did not catch his name but thank
He was extremely apologetic and pretty much snapped his
 At the same time , tension began to build between Mantell and Richard Owen , an ambitious scientist with much better funding and society connections in the turbulent worlds of Reform Act – era British politics and science . Owen , a firm <unk> , opposed the early versions of evolutionary science ( " <unk> " ) then being debated and used what he would soon coin as dinosaurs as a weapon in this conflict . With the paper describing <unk> , he scaled down dinosaurs from lengths of over 61 metres ( 200 feet ) , determined that they were not simply giant lizards , and put forward that they were advanced and mammal @-@ like , characteristics given to them by God ;
Eos fitness overall is a great gym to come to and the staff is great as well, but mainly I want to give a special shoutout to Casey, this man was so generous and down to earth, he
We went to Tempo another night and this bar tender had some serious issues, he was just freakin
He also had a
When I finally got someone back to my car to tell them the issue there was already someone trying to lift my hood to jump my car and it was magically jumped within second and then the guy tells me to take the car over to their oil and
2600	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to
In 1816 he'd ordered his troops to attack the Aboriginal people at Cow Pastures, south of Sydney, where they'd been playing
He takes the time to explain procedures to
 Reviewers criticized the lack of Master Chief as a main character , similar to the response to The Halo Graphic Novel ; Schedeen said that " Master Chief is barely a guest star in his own book " , and that he was reduced to blasting aliens for much of the series . Schedeen felt that there was a lack of
 After leaving Bradford City , he joined Sheffield United , where he also took up a coaching role .
In Regards to 5 star review which he posted in response to my bad review
Our bartender was a little obsessed with another couple and it required us waving him down each time we needed
He then said once I get the motor fixed he would
In total, there are more than 175 pages relating to MI5's interest in what was then the Boy Scouts - they now accept girls.
No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We
Oh man this review...can you tell I'm in love with
 In 2013 and 2014 , auction house sales demonstrated the high cultural value attached to Dylan 's mid @-@ 1960s work , and the record prices that collectors were willing to pay for artefacts from this period . In December 2013 , the Fender <unk> which Dylan had played at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival <unk> $ 965 @,@ 000 , the second highest price paid for a guitar . In June 2014 , Dylan 's hand @-@ written lyrics of " Like a Rolling Stone " , his 1965 hit single , <unk> $ 2 million dollars at auction , a record
 <unk> Portisch – Mikhail Tal , Candidates Match 1965 : 1 . Nf3 c5 2 @.@ c4 Nc6 3 . Nc3 Nf6 4 @.@ g3 g6 5 . Bg2 Bg7 6 . 0 @-@ 0 0 @-@ 0 7 @.@ <unk> a6 8 @.@ <unk> Rb8 9 . Rb1 b5 10 @.@ <unk> <unk> 11 @.@ <unk> <unk> 12 @.@ <unk> d6 13 . <unk> <unk> Once again , White is on move in a symmetrical position , but it is not obvious what he can do with his first @-@ move initiative . Soltis writes , " It 's ridiculous to think Black 's position is better . But Mikhail Tal said it is easier to play . By moving second he gets to see White 's move and then decide whether to match it . " <unk> Here , Soltis writes that Black could maintain equality by keeping the symmetry : 14 ... <unk> <unk> <unk> . Instead , he plays to prove that White 's queen is <unk> . 14 ... Rc8 ! <unk> Nd4 ! <unk> 16 ... <unk> + . <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> Rc8 Although the pawn structure is still symmetrical , Black 's control of the c @-@ file gives him the advantage . Black ultimately reached an endgame two pawns up , but White managed to hold a draw in
 Meyerbeer died in Paris on 2 May 1864 . Rossini , who , not having heard the news , came to his apartment the next day intending to meet him , was shocked and fainted . He was moved to write on the spot a choral tribute ( <unk> , <unk> , <unk> sublime ! ) . A special train bore Meyerbeer 's body from the <unk> du Nord to Berlin on 6 May , where he was buried in the
One time I did back my nails done by Steven, he's by far the best and takes his time.
"Is it wrong to want to ""quit"" my friendship with my best friend because of how much he has changed since becoming
 Sisko and Lieutenant <unk> Dax ( Terry Farrell ) board the Enterprise but can find no trace of a bomb . They travel to K7 , and <unk> indicate that the bomb is in the grain storage compartments . They enter the compartments and discover that the poisoned grain has all been eaten by tribbles , who are now all dead . Suddenly Captain Kirk opens the compartment and is covered in falling tribbles . Dax and Sisko find the bomb before it can kill Kirk and the Defiant transports it into space where it explodes . The crew of the Defiant use the <unk> <unk> to travel back to the present time , and Sisko finishes explaining the situation to the Temporal Agents . The episode ends with <unk> ( <unk> <unk> ) in his bar on Deep Space Nine 's promenade , with numerous tribbles around him .
 After Ruppert 's death in 1939 , his will left the Yankees and other assets in a trust for his descendants . The will also named Barrow president of the Yankees , with full authority over the team 's day @-@ to @-@ day operations
 Constantine made appearances in other comic book titles , such as Crisis on <unk> <unk> , <unk> Crisis , Green Arrow , Green Lantern , The Sandman , Lucifer , and Shade , the Changing Man . He was a recurring supporting character in both Swamp Thing and The Books of Magic throughout their numerous <unk> . Some attempts to use the character in other superhero or family @-@ friendly comics were altered due to editorial mandate , such as " <unk> <unk> <unk> " in <unk> and Captain <unk> ( who refers to Constantine as " an <unk> <unk> in England " ) . Grant Morrison created " Willoughby Kipling " for Doom Patrol after being refused Constantine by DC , changing his appearance to that of Richard E Grant in <unk> and I , following which Phil <unk> was forced to create " Ambroise <unk> " in Stanley and His
My (30F) boyfriend (30M) just got fired for sexual harassment. He says the reason is BS. Should I believe his
I feel like there's not enough air puppers on this sub. Look how cute this lil guy
 The fungus was first described scientifically as Agaricus <unk> by Italian mycologist Giovanni Antonio <unk> in 1772 , and sanctioned under this name by Elias Magnus Fries in his 1821 Systema <unk> . That same year , Samuel Frederick Gray transferred the species to the genus Mycena . <unk> for the species include Agaricus <unk> named by William Hudson in 1778 , Agaricus <unk> described by August Johann Georg Karl <unk> in 1893 , <unk> <unk> by Franklin Sumner <unk> in 1909
 Guitar Hero : On Tour does not work on the Nintendo <unk> and Nintendo 3DS because unlike the Nintendo DS , they do not have Game Boy Advance slots . Band Hero is limited to vocals and drums on the two consoles
 The lyric " From Lake Geneva to the Finland Station " refers to the train route taken by Vladimir Lenin when he was
Also on the topic of religion, Mr Quinn expressed frustration at the lack of progress in transferring Catholic schools to other patron bodies, as part of his efforts to offer greater choice to parents in
My son loves the
If you value your health and know at least a little about decent food, avoid milestones on king west!!
 On 4 November the " fiercely anti @-@ tobacco Jowell " argued in Brussels for an exemption for Formula One . Media attention initially focused on Labour <unk> its principles for a " glamour sport " and on the " false trail " of Jowell 's husband 's links to the <unk> Formula One team . On 6 November <unk> from three newspapers <unk> whether Labour had received any donations from Ecclestone ; he had donated £ 1 million in January 1997 . On 11 November Labour promised to return the money on the advice of Sir Patrick <unk> . On 17 November Blair apologised for his government 's mishandling of the affair and stated " the decision to exempt Formula One from tobacco sponsorship was taken two weeks later . It was in response to
The food was ok...once we got past the rude host at the front (maybe the maitre d'  - a tall guy with
But NO, the manager wasn't interested in making things right, in fact, he didn't even send a waiter/ waitress to
 After the PTC 's statement , Julianne <unk> Shepherd of <unk> wrote that the group seemed to employ a double standard ; it had not condemned Kanye West 's music video for " Monster " , in which dead women hang from ceilings and West holds a <unk> head . Shepard added that Eminem and Rihanna 's video for " Love the Way You Lie " had not been criticized , despite " <unk> and <unk> " domestic violence . A Mothers Against Violence spokesperson criticised Rihanna for failing to present a solution , rather than encouraging the vulnerable youth , for which rape is a reality for many people . Director Anthony Mandler addressed the controversy in an interview for The Hollywood Reporter , saying that the visual evoked the reaction he intended and that it highlighted an issue still taboo in modern society . He recalled growing up in an era in which artists
 Josce was the youngest son of Geoffrey de Dinan and <unk> <unk> , and had two older brothers , Oliver of Dinan and Alan of <unk> . Josce 's family was from Brittany , and he was described by the historian Marjorie <unk> as an " obscure Breton
 Woodfull reportedly added " This game is too good to be <unk> . It 's time some people got out of it " , hinting that he might withdraw his team from competition in protest . Australia 's Leo O 'Brien later
Our first impression was of the host, a young man with a very snooty, rude
 Activision , through John <unk> , owns all of <unk> Enterprises ' US and international patents
I was very impressed at how efficient he
He kept
But he carried no tools (ended up using
His suggestions haven't
 One of the earliest accounts of Waterfall Gully comes from a " Mr Kent " who , along with Captain <unk> Barker and Barker 's servant , Miles , climbed Mount Lofty in 1831 . In making their ascent the party <unk> a ravine — described by Mr Kent as possessing " smooth and grassy sides " — which is believed by Anne Hardy to have been Waterfall Gully . Subsequent to Barker 's ascent , the first settlers who were recorded as having climbed Mount Lofty were <unk> Hutchinson and his servant , William Burt . The pair made three attempts to scale the mount before succeeding , and for their first attempt they attempted to traverse Waterfall Gully . The attempt was unsuccessful , but in July 1837 , Hutchinson wrote about the gully through which they had travelled . Waterfall Gully he wrote , had proven difficult , as the plants
We found a large cut behind one of his ears.
Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.
He was awesome He had tHe party going on
The managers John and Jose are great and the staff are
Fell on a kid at the rock gym and broke his arm. Parents want me
Donald Trump 'was not briefed' on order he signed appointing Steve Bannon to National
Springsteen credits his guitarist and old friend Stevie Van Zandt for originally switching him
 The day after leaving <unk> in 1987 , Nesbitt got a bit part in <unk> , a BBC Two Screen Two television play about the life of John Ogdon . He worked for two days on the play
Did my husband look like a thug that day because he was wearing
 Chapter one , " Ritual and the archaeologist " , begins by describing the ritual deposits from the pre @-@ Roman Iron Age sites of <unk> Castle and <unk> , <unk> in southern Britain . Merrifield laments the fact that the majority of archaeologists , particularly those studying literate , historical periods , have avoided ritual explanations for unusual phenomenon in the archaeological record ; he believes that they exhibit a " ritual phobia " . He contrasts this view with that of those archaeologists studying the Neolithic and Bronze Age Britain , who have widely accepted the ritual uses of chambered tombs and stone circles . He specifies particular definitions for words such as " ritual " ,
 Egyptian texts take different views on whether the gods are responsible when humans suffer unjustly . <unk> was often seen as a product of <unk> , the cosmic disorder that was the opposite of maat , and therefore the gods were not guilty of causing evil events . Some deities who were closely connected with <unk> , such as Set , could be blamed for disorder within the world without placing guilt on the other gods . But some writings do accuse the deities of causing human misery , while others give <unk> in the gods ' defense . Beginning in the Middle Kingdom , several texts connected the issue of evil in the world with a myth in which the creator god fights a human rebellion against his rule and then withdraws from the earth . Because of this human <unk> , the creator is distant from his creation , allowing suffering to exist . New Kingdom writings do not question the just nature of the gods as strongly as those of the Middle Kingdom . They emphasize humans ' direct , personal relationships with deities and the gods ' power to intervene in human events . People in this era put faith in specific gods who they hoped would help and protect them through their lives . As a result , upholding the ideals of maat grew less important than gaining the gods ' favor as a way to guarantee a good life . Even the pharaohs were regarded as dependent on divine aid , and after the New Kingdom came to an end , government was increasingly
It seems the guests are sloppy, so we asked the previously mentioned young man to clean a table (and seats) for us, and he gladly
Props to him for actually doing his job.
 Zhou has appeared in various forms of media such as novels , comic books , and movies . His rare 20th century biography , Iron Arm , Golden Sabre , serves as a sequel to The Story of Yue Fei because it details his adventures decades prior to taking Yue as his pupil . This was later adapted into a ten volume <unk> comic book . He also appears in a novel concerning one of his fictional martial arts brothers . He was portrayed by three different actors in a string of black and white Yue Fei films produced in the 1940s and 1960s , one of which featured a ten @-@ year @-@ old <unk> <unk> as the lead . <unk> martial arts actor Yu <unk> , who played the sword @-@ wielding antagonist in Jet Li 's Shaolin Temple , stated in a 2005 interview that he has always wanted to portray Zhou in a
I think he likes
Nick and his assistant Alan
 The Internet <unk> <unk> , where a link is given to a seemingly relevant website only to be directed to a music video of singer Rick <unk> 's pop single " Never Gonna Give You Up " , has been used as a theme in the protests against Scientology . At February 10 protests in New York , Washington , D.C. , London and Seattle , protesters played the song through <unk> and shouted the phrase " Never gonna let you down ! " , in what The Guardian called " a live <unk> @-@ rolling of the Church of Scientology " . In response to a website created by Scientologists showing an anti @-@ Anonymous video , Project Chanology participants created a website with a similar domain name with a video displaying the music video to " Never Gonna Give You Up " . In a March 2008 interview , <unk> said that he found the <unk> of Scientology to be " hilarious " ; he also said that he will not try to capitalize on the <unk> phenomenon with
The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (Isis), a renegade offshoot of al-Qaeda, was about to take its well-known cooperation with leftovers of the regime of Saddam Hussein, and his former deputy Izzat al-Douri, to
 <unk> ( he ) may be written without the loop , like a <unk> of ს and <unk>
"(Pennsylvania) UPDATE: Hello fellow Redditors, I'm the guy with the neighbor who won't stop calling the cops."
I find the owner (or head chef, I'm not sure) always has a friendly smile going on when I go in, which feels especially warm when he walks out to give you a complementary hand
(CHRISTOPHER JONES) Mr Sage, whose aunt Mabel was once William Rees-Mogg's nanny, is aghast that his MP, who now lives in a neighbouring village, has not come out against the scheme.
 <unk> contributor <unk> <unk> played guitar on the beginning and ending themes . <unk> <unk> , selected for the role by Masato Kato , sang the ending song " Radical Dreamers ~ <unk> <unk> ~ " . <unk> Yamazaki , a synthesizer programmer for Square Enix , helped Mitsuda transfer his ideas to the PlayStation 's sound capabilities . The soundtrack has been described as having " some of the most haunting melodies known to man " . The " Home World " tracks from
The Olympic Games is obviously a pinnacle of sports and it represents a lot, Canadian forward John Tavares said.
Yesterday I (21/f) saw my ex (23/m) for the first time in two years. He was standing outside my window. Do
A table was sat next to us, then a guy comes
He comped my
 Zimmerman moved to Minneapolis in September 1959 and enrolled at the University of Minnesota . His focus on rock and roll gave way to American folk music . In 1985 , he said : 
 By the end of the 1960s , Ornette Coleman had become one of the most influential musicians in jazz after pioneering its most controversial subgenre , free jazz , which jazz critics and musicians initially derided for its <unk> from conventional structures of harmony and tonality . In the mid @-@ 1970s , he stopped recording free jazz , recruited electric <unk> , and pursued a new creative theory he called harmolodics . According to Coleman 's theory , all the musicians are able to play individual melodies in any key , and still sound coherent as a group . He taught his young <unk> this new improvisational and ensemble approach , based on their individual tendencies , and
 With the Rangers , Hamels went 7 @-@ 1 in 12 starts with a 3 @.@ 66 ERA . The Rangers were under <unk> as late as August 3 but posted a winning record for the remainder of the 2015 season and eventually overtook the Houston <unk> in September for the American League West division lead . The Rangers clinched the AL West title on the final day of the season , as Hamels threw a complete @-@ game three @-@ hitter in a 9 @-@ 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels , the team 's 6th division title and 7th postseason appearance in franchise history . Hamels ' positive effect on the Rangers was compared to that of the Toronto Blue Jays ' David Price , another ace starting pitcher who helped spearhead a run to the postseason after blending in seamlessly with a struggling team who acquired him at the
8042	Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and
 Olivier continued working in film into the 1980s , with roles in The Jazz Singer ( 1980 ) , <unk> ( 1981 ) , The Bounty ( 1984 ) and Wild <unk> II ( 1985 ) . He continued to work in television ; in 1981 he appeared as Lord <unk> in <unk> Revisited , winning another Emmy , and the following year he received his tenth and last BAFTA nomination in the television adaptation of John Mortimer 's stage play A Voyage Round My Father . In 1983
He promised to
 Olivier said in 1963 that he believed he was born to be an actor , but his colleague Peter <unk> disagreed ; he commented that although Olivier 's great contemporaries were clearly <unk> for the stage , " Larry could have been a notable ambassador , a considerable minister , a <unk> <unk> . At his worst , he would have acted the parts more <unk> than they are usually lived . " The director David <unk> agreed that acting did not come instinctively to Olivier as it did to his great rivals . He observed , " Ralph was a natural actor , he couldn 't stop being a perfect actor ; Olivier did it through sheer hard work
 Although it is known that the charity had been in operation as early as 1656 , an anonymous article in The Gentleman 's Magazine in August 1770 is the earliest recorded account of the legend of the Biddenden Maids . This account states that the twins were joined at the hip only , rather than at both the hip and the shoulder , and that they lived to a relatively old age . The article explicitly states that their names were not recorded , and that they were known only as the " Maids of Biddenden " . The anonymous author recounts the story of their bequest of the lands to the parish to support the annual dole , and goes on to say that despite the antiquity of the events described , he has no doubt as to their authenticity . As with all accounts of the tradition prior to 1790 the author does not mention their alleged birth in 1100 , or the name of
One morning I was going in with him and all the crackheads who hang by the Bank of America ATM were already amassed.One of them asked me"Hey.is
9383	DeMeo is not without talent ; he
8734	While Benigni -LRB- who stars and co-wrote -RRB- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in
He got me on a
He decided that it was a ruptured tank and would be covered under the home warranty he started disconnecting all the gas lines and put a jumper in the waterline saying that it would be quicker if he got this done now so when he brought a new tank
I had trouble hearing anything the waiter was saying but I think it was more due to the general cacophony of the room rather than his
Anyway, he said he'd
In the mean time the other guy is yelling at the background after he ran
"Ever since I fell and hurt myself in the shower, he comes sits and protects me from the evil thing!"
After my husband used the bathroom as well he came back and said, "okay, not sure if we should eat
Another huge perk is that he gets your items back to you very
 One of the first details noted about Iguanodon was that it had the teeth of a herbivorous reptile , although there has not always been consensus on how it ate . As Mantell noted , the remains he was working with were unlike any modern reptile , especially in the toothless , <unk> @-@ shaped form of the lower jaw <unk> , which he found best compared to that of the two @-@ toed <unk> and the extinct ground <unk> <unk> . He also suggested that Iguanodon had a prehensile tongue which could be used to gather food , like a <unk> . More complete remains have shown this to be an error ; for example , the <unk> bones that supported the tongue are heavily built , implying a muscular , non @-@ prehensile tongue used for moving food around in the mouth . The <unk>
Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?
The owner is such a sweet guy and funny to talk to very passionate about what he does and I love that about him and his product.
 No. 79 Wing was established at Batchelor , Northern Territory , on 30 November 1943 . Its combat units consisted of Nos. 1 and 2 Squadrons ( flying Beaufort light reconnaissance bombers ) , No. 31 Squadron ( Beaufighter long @-@ range fighters ) , and No. 18 ( Netherlands East Indies ) Squadron ( B @-@ 25 Mitchell medium bombers ) . The wing was commanded by Group Captain Charles Eaton , whose Dutch personnel called him " <unk> Charles "
Why is he quitting? Unusually, the official explanation may be the real one.
 Stevens is a <unk> trained <unk> and his knowledge of classical and <unk> music influenced many of his arrangements . Stevens himself has noted the influence of composers Igor Stravinsky , <unk> <unk> , and <unk>
The owner happened to be around and my dad told him
He definitely made the experience
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with
He took our other plates
 To improve Britain 's cultural influence abroad , Wheeler had been urging the establishment of a British Institute of History and Archaeology in East Africa , touring East Africa itself in August 1955 . In 1956 the Academy requested £ 6 @,@ 000 from the Treasury to fund this new institution , to which they eventually agreed in 1959 . The Institute was initially established in Dar es Salaam in 1961 , although later relocated to <unk> . Meanwhile , Wheeler had also been campaigning for the establishment of a British Institute of Persian Studies , a project which was supported by the British Embassy in Tehran ; they hoped that it would rival the successful French Institute in the city . In 1960 , the Treasury agreed , with the new institution being housed on the premises of the University of Tehran . He further campaigned for the establishment of a British Institute in Japan , although
 Daniel D 'Addario reviewed Truth in Numbers ? Everything , According to Wikipedia for the AOL Inc. publication , <unk> . D 'Addario commented , " the film raises interesting questions about authority , only somewhat intentionally . " He noted the dated bits observing , " Truth in Numbers ? may well be coming too late . " D 'Addario concluded his assessment by noting that at the time of his review , the Wikipedia article for the film was under threat of being deleted : " According to the site , the entry for Truth in Numbers ? is
I've a huge fan of Thomas Keller, but this is the first time I've eaten at any of his restaurants.
 On 10 May , Warren Gatland named a 35 @-@ man squad for
 In 1996 , the city hosted the World <unk> Championship . The Haifa Tennis Club , near the southwest entrance to the city , is one of the largest in Israel . John <unk> , Olympic horse breeder
He returned my message within a couple
He was very informative, and I had done my own research online, and he covered all of that in his
Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld
He began playing the ukulele while attending Avon Old Farms,
10162	It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his
 He is a fan of football teams Coleraine and Manchester United . In 2003 , Nesbitt made a donation of " thousands of pounds " to Coleraine , after the team came close to bankruptcy . He has called the team " a <unk> " of Coleraine and encouraged more people to watch Irish League football . Nesbitt was a vocal opponent of Malcolm <unk> 's 2005 takeover of Manchester United , though after the completion of that deal he acted in television advertisements promoting executive boxes at Old Trafford , for which he was criticised by fans . To counter the criticism , he pledged one half of his £ 10 @,@ 000 fee to the
Michael had the short ribs, he raved,
 In <unk> , the chieftain Wanyan Aguda ( <unk> – 1123 ) united the disparate Jurchen tribes and led a revolt against the Liao . In 1115 he named himself emperor of the Jin " golden " dynasty ( 1115 – 1234 ) . <unk> by a Liao <unk> of the success of the Jurchen uprising , the Song emperor Huizong ( r . 1100 – 1127 ) and his highest military commander the <unk> Tong Guan saw the Liao weakness as an opportunity to recover the Sixteen Prefectures , a line of fortified cities
 Hornung 's prose is widely admired for its <unk> @-@ yet @-@ simple style . Oliver Edwards , writing in The Times , considered that " not the least attractive part of the Raffles books is the simple , plain , unaffected language in which each one of them is written " . The <unk> in the same newspaper agrees , and thinks Hornung had " a power of good and clear description and a talent for mystery and surprise " . Colin Watson also considers the point , and observes that in Hornung 's writing , " superfluous description has been avoided and account of action is to the point " , while Doyle admired his " sudden use of the right adjective and the right phrase " , something the writer and journalist Jeremy Lewis sees as
It was obvious it was the same damn one he brought
 After his AIF appointment was terminated , Weir resumed his service in the Citizen Military Forces ( <unk> ) . In 1917 , he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order and the Russian Empire Order of St. Anne , 2nd Class ,
My husband had the orange chicken and he thought it tasted a little fishy but overall the sushi was very good fast delivery and ohhhh they
I like that he could take my frightening mess and turn it into something simple and beautiful
7905	Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless
We upgrade to a large because all he wanted really was the Jack Fries...then no
 On 13 January 2010 , in an interview to the Grimsby Telegraph , Woodhouse commented he would definitely consider a move back to former club Grimsby Town after expressing his dismay at The Mariners <unk> near the bottom of the League Two , within danger of being relegated from the Football League . He commented " If they are looking for a central midfielder , though , they are welcome to give me a call " . Harrogate released him by mutual consent on 25 February . Three days later he avenged his defeat by Jay Morris by beating him with a TKO in round 3 . This gave Woodhouse the first title of his boxing career , the International Masters light @-@ welterweight title . On 25 April , Woodhouse defended the title with a 4th round knockout of <unk> <unk> , who stepped in as a late replacement for Steve Saville . Next , on 2 July , Woodhouse knocked out veteran <unk> Bull in round 9 . His next fight was due to be against 2006 Commonwealth Games gold medallist and former world amateur champion Frankie Gavin on 18
The seats aren't terribly comfortable (we opted for the higher end $$ seating, cup holders are there, but it's not exactly cushy), but since we only sat during the opening acts it wasn't that big of a deal (well...not for me, since I'm "height-challenged"...however, unfortunately for Mikey, he is 6 foot 32,481 inches tall" and he looked
One of my dogs is a pug, so the nasal was unpleasant for him and I (on the plus side, last year I got the vaccine as well - since he
Those who know him say that deep down he is a good man, and he is certainly a generous and thoughtful one, judging by his recent
He had us wait outside, which was absolutely ridiculous when he could've simply opened the door to let us sit in there and wait for him
He has maintained throughout the conflict that his government is
 At the end of the 19th century , Robert Bridges 's analysis of the poem became a dominant view and would influence later interpretations of the poem . Bridges , in 1895 , declared that the poem was the best of Keats 's odes but he thought that the poem contained too much artificial language . In particular , he emphasised the use of the word " forlorn
668	He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works
Upon dropping them off, we were greeted by his gorgeous wife
Match Details Man City (4-4-2) Hart; Zabaleta, Kompany, Demichelis, Kolarov; Navas (Clichy 82), Toure, Garcia, Silva (Milner 80); Dzeko, Negredo (Aguero 60).
 However , Lawrence 's orders for a general advance on 5 August beginning at 04 : 00 included an advance by the Anzac Mounted Division . His orders read :
Guess I was lucky, and he came down and took a look at my
He said I was not understanding and
The owner is a nice guy and I enjoyed chatting with him
 <unk> <unk> wrote in his early career , " The poem [ Mariana ] is an outstanding insight into the primitive ideal that is Tennyson 's take
I told him both were good, but this was only the second day since we met (the first day he eloped with my sister in Vegas, hahahaha) so maybe
He responded rudely to our request, kept us waiting while he assisted other employees without even acknowledging we
 They have a fierce local rivalry with Birmingham City . The Second City derby between Aston Villa and Birmingham City has been played since 1879 . The club 's traditional kit colours are claret shirts with sky blue sleeves , white shorts and sky blue socks . Their traditional badge is of a rampant lion , which was introduced by the club 's Scottish chairman William McGregor in honour of the Royal Standard of
 Ryan Howard ( B. J. Novak ) invites Michael Scott ( Steve Carell ) to speak at his business school class . Michael is excited , but Ryan admits in a talking head interview that he has only invited Michael because his professor promised to bump up the grade of any student who brings his boss into
I'm [23/F] contemplating leaving a relatively problem free relationship with boyfriend [24/M] because he
He is as very helpful and patient.
 In April 2010 , Cantrell revealed to MTV News that Alice in Chains was contemplating making a fifth studio album in the foreseeable future . He explained , " There are thoughts
He had the
"iPhone 8" Prototype leaker releases mockup based off of his leaked schematics
President Martinelli had been an outspoken supporter of Mr Arias, 50, and his wife Marta Linares was
Fraizer Campbell completed the scoring in injury-time when he
 He did not suggest a potential function . In 1838 , <unk> <unk> proposed that the nucleus plays a role in generating cells , thus he introduced the name " <unk> " ( cell builder ) . He believed that he had observed new cells assembling around " <unk> " . Franz <unk> was a strong opponent of this view , having already described cells <unk> by division and believing that many cells would have no nuclei . The idea that cells can be generated de <unk> , by the " <unk> " or
We asked for the manager he came
He said the only knowledge he had of the way payments from the fund
 As a group leader at the Metallurgical Laboratory , Creutz conducted studies of uranium and how it could be <unk> into rods . His group looked into the process of corrosion in metals in contact with fast @-@ flowing liquids , the processes for <unk> aluminium and <unk> uranium with it . It also investigated the forging of beryllium , and the preparation of thorium . Frederick Seitz and Alvin Weinberg later <unk> that the activities of Creutz and his group may have reduced
lil dutch boye. heckin proud of his
My guy ordered the Hatch Green Chile Tri-tip breakfast, also very good.
The food came out within 10 minutes of us ordering and he was VERY impressed by that.
2897	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of
Although Doctor Who is a cult hit rather than a prime-time smash in most countries, it is so distinctive that it has become unremakeable, he says.
 [ A ] tall , slim boy , straight as an arrow .
He made sure
 García Márquez depicts the General 's body itself as a labyrinth . His doctor observes that " everything that enters the body , adds weight , and everything that leaves it is <unk> . " The General 's body is described as a " labyrinth coming to a literal dead end " . The labyrinth is also expressed in geographical and architectural imagery . The country 's destiny is imagined as a break @-@ up , a folding of north into south . The seas offer the hope of a new life and a new world , but the closer the General is to Colombia , the less chance he has of moving on . García Márquez describes buildings as " daunting , <unk> ( if not exactly reiterating ) with the echoes of a bloody past " . The portrayal of the General 's world as a labyrinth is <unk> by his constant return to cities and towns he has visited before : each location belongs to the past as well as to the present . The General in his Labyrinth <unk> the lines between <unk> in a man @-@ made world
 In August 2008 , he gave the <unk> / Stony Brook athletics department $ 500 @,@ 000 for a
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday that he will continue to explain his visit to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine for war
1210	Jaglom ... put -LRB- s -RRB- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
 In September 2010 there were over one million refugees still living in tents , and the humanitarian situation was characterized as still being in the emergency phase , according to the Apostolic <unk> to Haiti , Archbishop Bernard <unk> . He went on to say that the number was rising instead of
He didn't apologize and didn't explain why it took almost TWO HOURS to make
 The four @-@ headed god Brahma should be shown seated on the ground in the foreground officiating as the wedding priest and making offerings to the <unk> ( sacred fire ) in the <unk> ( fire @-@ altar ) . The four @-@ armed god holds a <unk> and <unk> ( sacrificial <unk> and spoon ) in his front arms and a <unk> ( water @-@ pot ) and <unk> ( rosary ) in his back arms . The presence of the fire also indicates another important ritual of the Hindu wedding , <unk> ( " seven steps " ) where the bride and groom go around
at that appointment he expressed that
Mention it to him and he'll just say their short staffed and not even offer to
 The episode was written by Dan McGrath and directed by Jeffrey Lynch . Ernest Borgnine guest starred in the episode as himself . He recorded his lines at the Village <unk> in West Los Angeles . The episode makes cultural references to the films My <unk> with Andre , The Terminator , On the Town , Crocodile Dundee , <unk> , Friday the 13th , and Boyz n the Hood ( in the title ) as well as the song " Sugar , Sugar " by The <unk> .
 Australia lost heavily by ten wickets in the first Test at Sydney , when the bowling spearhead of bodyline , Harold Larwood , took ten wickets . Bradman missed the first Test due to illness , although Jardine refused to believe this and thought the real reason was that the batsman had suffered a nervous breakdown due to his tactical scheme . The only Australian batsman to make an impact was Stan <unk> , who <unk> stood his ground and impulsively hooked and pulled everything aimed at his upper body , <unk> by the prospect of taking a potentially lethal blow to the head . He scored
He wasn't just polite and attentive, but he was also engaging us in wonderful
It become apparent after each conversation his knowledge is
 Former teammate Moose <unk> commented on Wilhelm 's key pitch , saying , " Hoyt was a good guy , and he threw the best knuckleball I ever saw . You never knew what Hoyt 's pitch would do . I don 't think he did either . " Baseball executive Roland <unk> agreed , saying , " Wilhelm 's knuckleball did more than anyone else 's ... There was so much action on it . " Before Wilhelm , the knuckleball was primarily mixed in to older pitchers ' <unk> at the end of their careers to offset their slowing <unk> and reduce stress on their arms , thereby extending their careers . Wilhelm broke with tradition when he began throwing the pitch as a teenager and on nearly every pitch . The New York Times linked his knuckleball with that of modern pitcher <unk> Dickey , as Wilhelm taught
He pronounced
 In France the revolutionary principles of <unk> precluded extensive awards , but Villaret was promoted to vice @-@ admiral on 27 September 1794 and other minor awards were distributed to the admirals of the fleet . In addition the fleet 's officers took part in a celebratory parade from Brest to Paris , accompanying the recently arrived food supplies . The role of Vengeur du Peuple was <unk> by Bertrand <unk> , giving birth to an exalted legend . <unk> in France concerning the battle 's outcome was divided ; while many celebrated Saint @-@ André 's exaggerated accounts of victory in Le Moniteur , senior naval officers disagreed . Among the dissenters was the highly experienced but recently dismissed Admiral Kerguelen . Kerguelen was disgusted by Villaret 's failure to renew the battle after he had reformed his squadron , and
We felt bad for his crew to be working so hard in the heat and offered them to
10242	In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous
Also, he
The bartenders are very nice and accommodating, and they even gave us sips of extra drinks he was making without charge.
The young man behind the counter was polite and informed
He then started throwing out tourist trap casino prices like
 Wanyan Liang ( the Prince of Hailing ) led a coup against Emperor Xizong and became fourth emperor of the Jin dynasty in 1150 . Wanyan Liang presented himself as a Chinese emperor , and planned to unite China by conquering the Song . In <unk> , Wanyan Liang provided a <unk> <unk> by announcing that the Song had broken the 1142 peace treaty by acquiring horses . He instituted an unpopular draft that was the source of widespread unrest in the empire . Anti @-@ Jin <unk> erupted among the Khitans and in Jin provinces bordering the Song . Wanyan Liang did not allow dissent , and opposition to the war was severely punished . The Song had been notified beforehand of Wanyan Liang 's plan . They prepared by securing their defenses along the border , mainly near the Yangtze River , but were hampered by Emperor Gaozong 's <unk> . Gaozong 's desire for peace made him <unk> to provoking the Jin . Wanyan Liang began the invasion in 1161 without formally declaring war . Jurchen armies personally led by Wanyan Liang left Kaifeng on October 15 , reached the Huai River border on October 28 , and marched in the direction of the Yangtze . The Song lost the Huai to the Jurchens but captured a few Jin prefectures in the west , slowing the Jurchen advance . A group of Jurchen generals were sent to cross the Yangtze
I was stricken with guilt that I had allowed him to be near other little girls.
Not worthy of  the price Thank goodness we had a great server/bartender Wilfred who made it a memorable girls lunch experience with his great customer  service and
very good burgers one of my favorite burger shops in phoenix, great flavor great fries but there is one thing i have to say burgers are better when the wife is the one cooking much better the husband gets way too generous witht the mustard ewwwwwwwwwwww which i couldnt stand so when i see him back there i say no mustard when the wife is back there i leave the mustard on there even if i say light mustard please i still get probably enough to fill a cup with.
He toured the world, performing and collecting folk songs, in 1963, and returned to serenade civil rights advocates, who had made a rallying song of his We Shall Overcome.
The victim is suspected to have died due to his asthma condition, he
he goes out of his way to provide affordable care to fire dept and military personnel - another example:  he took a week off earlier this year to provide his expertise on a medical missions trip to Africa // Dr Warkentin sets an example and standard of what quality medical care should be like
Oh my God! That guy
 Between 1737 and 1742 , Richard <unk> , an English anthropologist , toured the Middle East and wrote of what he thought were ruins of defensive walls built with 3 @.@ 7 @-@ metre ( 12 ft ) stone blocks near the Awali river . When the French <unk> Ernest <unk> visited the area in 1860 , he noticed that the Awali bridge abutments were built of finely <unk> blocks that originated from an earlier structure . He also noted in his report , Mission de <unk> , that a local treasure hunter told him of a large edifice near
Tevan was awesome, his customer service was all there, and he
They took their time with him and didn't do anything he wasn't comfortable with.
 Despite the enduring popular appeal of " Trees " , most of Joyce Kilmer 's works are largely unknown and have fallen into obscurity . A select few of his poems , including
Trump gets a folder full of positive news about himself twice a day
In fact, we practically had to tear the truffle mac n cheese bowl away from our friend before he started licking it clean.
He said yesterday that progress was slow and acknowledged that it
 After the war ended in 1945 , Creutz accepted an offer from Seitz to come to the Carnegie Institute of Technology as an associate professor , and help create a nuclear physics group there . Creutz in turn recruited a number of young physicists who had worked with him at Princeton and on the Manhattan Project in Chicago and Los Alamos , including Martyn <unk> , Jack Fox , Roger Sutton and Sergio <unk> . Together , with funding from the Office of Naval Research they built a 450 MeV <unk> at the Nuclear Research Center near <unk> , Pennsylvania . For a time , This put them at the forefront of research into nuclear physics , allowing physicists there to study the recently discovered <unk> meson and <unk> meson . A visiting scholar , <unk> <unk> , created the first photographic
 On 4 April 1646 Wiśniowiecki received the office of the voivode of Ruthenia , which granted him a seat in the Senate of Poland . He was the third member of the Wiśniowiecki family
He said they had to take it, he took my name
Alongside that, we have plans in place to address the vehicle and equipment issues and we are confident we do have the correct number of vehicles and equipment across the trust, he said.
I repeatedly expressed this to the manager, as well as the MOST I am willing to pay but it seemed that he thought it was "The Price is Right" while for me
 The seclusion of his mountain sanctuary offers him a good opportunity to pursue and enjoy his lifelong passion in writing his books <unk> at a leisurely pace . Upon requests from his readers and supporters , Khoo still travels once a month for a few days to " <unk> " – a term he coined for sharing the wisdom of Sun Tzu 's strategies for success and happiness for his <unk> and conference audiences . Khoo has " <unk> " thousands of " pupils " of his clients , among whom were well
The guy that took my order was lovely, the delivery guy
But his movement we have built must be different, he said.
Fiancé accused me of flirting with our neighbor because he said hello to us. And he made this accusation in front of
 Maeda was still popular in Brazil , and recognized as a great fighter , although he only fought sporadically after his return . Around 1918 – 1919 , Maeda accepted a challenge from the famous <unk> <unk> de <unk> . Maeda allowed <unk> de <unk> to use a knife in the fight . The <unk> was 190 cm tall and weighed 100 kg . Maeda won the match quickly . In 1921 ,
 The Rio de Janeiro bid committee was an incorporated non @-@ profit entity under the leadership of an Honorary Council and an Executive Board , both chaired by Carlos Arthur Nuzman . At the highest level , the Honorary Council comprised the President of the <unk> Republic of Brazil Luiz <unk> <unk> da Silva , the Governor of the State of Rio de Janeiro <unk> Cabral , the Mayor of the Municipality of Rio de Janeiro Eduardo Paes , and the two Brazilian IOC members : Nuzman and João Havelange . At the executive level , the Executive Board was divided in four departments — Government <unk> Commission , Business Council , Legacy Committee and Athletes ' Commission — being responsible for the main operations of the campaign . The Board also included representations from the three levels of Government with the specific authority to make commitments on behalf of their respective Governments . Technical aspects of the bid were supported by various <unk> and Committees composed of a professionals staff , and supplemented by a team of domestic and international experts ; which were coordinated by Carlos Roberto Osório , Secretary General of the bid committee . Mike Lee , former Director of Communications and Public Affairs for the London bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics , was the lead advisor to the bid of Rio de Janeiro . His company , <unk> <unk> Communications , was responsible for planning the bid 's advertising campaign strategy , presentation scripts , visual support development and international media relations
He only was 10 minutes behind due to traffic on the strip, which
He said in other countries, faith formation, which involves preparation for the sacraments, was
But dad prefers
 The men 's hammer throw became an Olympic event in 1900 but the women 's event – using a 4 kg ( 8 @.@ 82 lb ) weight – was not widely competed until much later , finally featuring on the women 's Olympic programme in 2000 . The distances thrown by male athletes became greater from the 1950s onwards as a result of improved equipment using the denser
However, the manager went out of his way to explain the mixup and offer us
He kills it every time with my hair which is why I refuse to let anyone else touch my hair with color
He kept trying to get someone's
He sped over and rescued all of us.
The Rocket, about a cursed boy who
He replied, "I'd like to finish the sprinkler system", so I agreed.
 Early use of the NS @-@ 10 among engineers include Bob Clearmountain , Rhett Davies , and Bill <unk> in the US , and Nigel <unk> in the UK . Clearmountain , then a rising star in record production , is often credited for the popularity of the NS @-@ 10 ; Phil Ward , writing in Sound on Sound , suggested that Clearmountain was probably not the earliest , but was certainly the most influential early <unk> . It became a legend that Clearmountain had chosen it because it was the worst speaker he could find . He was one of a new breed of creative freelance recording engineers and producers who would travel
Fox News host slams Trump over sexist tweet: 'They called Obama every name but he didn't
Steve was way ahead of the curve: he got rockers and
 ACE 's Steve Cooke also found the controls convenient , and he praised the game 's atmosphere . He wrote that , " in graphics and sound terms ... Monkey Island , along with King 's Quest V , is currently at the head of the pack . " However , he disliked the designers ' running joke of placing " <unk> " after character and place names , which he thought detracted from the atmosphere . He singled out the game 's writing , characters and plot structure as its best elements . Amiga Power 's Mark <unk> wrote , " With The Secret of Monkey Island , the mouse @-@ controlled , graphic @-@ adventure comes of age . " He lauded its comedic elements , which he believed were the highlight of the game . The reviewer also praised the control scheme , noting that it allows the player to " more or less forget about the specifics of what [ they are ] physically doing ... and lose [ themselves ] in the adventure instead . " He noted that the game 's plot and visual and <unk> presentation fit together to create a thick atmosphere , and finished , " Forget all those other milestone adventures ( <unk> , The Hobbit , Lord of the <unk> et al )
I can't believe he remembered!
Dad wasn't nutters over the Miso soup, which I finished for him
Mr Read insisted that he was a man of my word and Pfizer would honour the commitments made to the
He smelled good, but maybe a little
Ancelotti clung to his luxurious
 Hornung was born Ernest William Hornung on 7 June 1866 at Cleveland <unk> , <unk> , Middlesbrough ; he was nicknamed Willie from an early age . He was the third son , and youngest of eight children , of John Peter Hornung ( 1821 – 86 ) and his wife Harriet née Armstrong ( 1824 – 96 ) . John was christened Johan Petrus Hornung in the Transylvania region of Hungary and , after working in Hamburg for a shipping firm , had moved to Britain in the 1840s as a coal and iron merchant . John married Harriet in March 1848 , by which time he had <unk> his name . At the age of 13 Hornung joined St Ninian 's Preparatory School in Moffat , <unk> before <unk> at Uppingham School in 1880 . Hornung was well
 The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America presented him the
 In November 1125 Taizong ordered his armies to attack the Song . The defection of Zhang <unk> two years earlier served as the <unk> <unk> . Two armies were sent to capture the major cities of the Song . 
He got the california and i got scrambled.
both guys are nice.. the tall guy just had great customer
- Of the three wait staff (2 F, 1 M) who came to our table, not once did the male member mention he was
They do things differently, he says.
5390	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black
 Because Miami received the ball to begin the game , Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half . After Miami 's kickoff and a touchback , Tech began the first possession of the second half at its 20 @-@ yard line . The Hokies picked up a quick first down off a rush each by Lawrence , Dovel , and Casey . Lawrence picked up another with two rushes that resulted in 13 yards and drove the Hokies to their 44 @-@ yard line . There , Casey completed his longest pass of the game — a 42 @-@ yard throw to tight end Rob Purdham — that gave Tech a first down at the Miami 14 @-@ yard line . Tech continued to drive , picking up short yardage with multiple rushes . The Hokies suffered a near @-@ disaster when Lawrence fumbled the ball , but Tech retained possession when the ball rolled out of bounds at the one @-@ yard line . Two plays after the fumble , Lawrence vaulted over the goal line for Tech 's first and only
3245	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he
 Baker began taking drugs , and became , in his own words , " an out of control , teenage speed freak " . He also began drinking heavily , attributing it to the fact that he was <unk> . However , even after coming out , his substance abuse remained excessive and " still had
 His most productive years came with Boston , where he won 24 games from 1956 to 1958 , averaging 138 innings each season . After that , he appeared strictly as a reliever and saved a career @-@ high 11 games for the Senators . In a seven @-@ season career , Sisler posted a 38 – 44 record with a 4 @.@ 33 ERA in 247 appearances , including 29 saves , 12 complete games , one shutout and 656 ⅓ innings . Sisler retired from baseball after the 1963 season to become an investment firm executive , a career that lasted for over 30 years , retiring as a vice @-@ chairman for A. G. Edwards
He did offer
On stage, bedecked in his typical hippie bandana and scarves, Van
We're on vacation and he needed 
He is
I was doing more dancing sitting in my seat than the guy did in the whole
"I googled him, and he
 The present building , which is in the north @-@ eastern part of the village on the south @-@ eastern side of the <unk> road , was erected in 1846 alongside the churchyard to a design by the Sheffield @-@ based architects <unk> and Hadfield . It replaced an older church , which had stood on an adjoining <unk> of rock until it was demolished . It was described by the clergyman and antiquarian Harry <unk> Jones ( writing in 1846 , as the new church was being constructed ) as a " very small and unimportant edifice " ; he also noted that it was the only medieval building
 He was capped for England 26 times , scoring 7 goals . Fowler was included in England 's squads for Euro 96 , Euro
Young guy
After having my car repaired at Tony's, I can say I have found an honest, efficient, and reasonable-priced car repair facility in Las Vegas (Sorry Charlie, previous reviewer,  but I can't believe you went to the same facility as me)  After having Dennis at A-1 tow my car to Tony's (Dennis and his new hire were very nice), Tony called to say that he would check everything out and get back with me.
 = Big Boy ( song
In these ways, members of a currency union can exploit more fully comparative advantage and ensure greater dynamic efficiency, he told the Scottish Council for Development and Industry lunch.
His identity was verified by Jen Psaki,
But you found the keys to his clothes?
3638	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments
Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head
The dining area was roomy and my son had room to stretch his legs and did
He does not look happy.
But Lancaster, England's head coach, will have gleaned little that he did not already know from a scrum-dominated affair
Charlottesville mayor on Trump: 'Look at the campaign he ran'
 The song is written from the perspectives of Keys and Usher , who play the role of an ex @-@ couple . For him , Usher and Keys " talk about how they used to be in love and how those feelings are still lingering despite
Next appointment he did not call before arriving and showed up at his leisure...was
 The serial introduced the character of Captain Haddock . Haddock made his first appearance in Le Soir adjacent to an advert for the anti @-@ Semitic German film , <unk> <unk> . Hergé chose the name " Haddock " for the character after his wife , <unk> <unk> , mentioned " a sad English fish " during a meal . The inclusion of the Japanese police detective <unk> Kuraki as an ally of Tintin 's in this story was probably designed to counterbalance Hergé 's portrayal of the Japanese as the antagonists in his earlier story , The Blue Lotus , particularly given that the occupying government was allied
A host of rumours began to circulate about the name of the victim, but even as the ambulance men struggled to free him from the wrecked car, nobody had any real clue - nobody, that is until half past three when an ambulance man extricated the victim's wallet and showed it to John Stanley, Mrs Thatcher's Parliamentary Private
11097	The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of
2996	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the
 In August 1974 , Applewhite was arrested in <unk> , Texas , for failing to return a car that he had rented in Missouri . He was <unk> to St. Louis and jailed for six months . At the time ,
Going into each game we had great belief in ourselves but unfortunately it hasn't worked out, he
 John Worthing ,
9367	` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
1027	A tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured
 British Somaliland became independent on 26 June 1960 as the State of Somaliland , and the Trust Territory of Somalia ( the former Italian Somaliland ) followed suit five days later . On 1 July 1960 , the two territories united to form the Somali Republic , with Mogadishu serving as the nation 's capital . A government was formed by Abdullahi <unk> and other members of the <unk> and protectorate governments , with <unk> Bashir <unk> Yusuf as President of the Somali National Assembly , Aden <unk> <unk> <unk> as President of the Somali Republic , and Abdirashid Ali Shermarke as Prime Minister ( later to become President from 1967 to 1969 ) . On 20 July 1961 and through a popular referendum , the people of Somalia ratified a new constitution , which was first drafted in 1960 . In 1967 , Muhammad <unk> Ibrahim <unk> became Prime Minister , a position to which he was appointed
 In 2005 , Mitsuda announced a new arranged album of Chrono Cross music was scheduled for release in July of that year . It did not materialize , though at a Play ! A Video Game Symphony concert in May 2006 , he revealed it would be out " within the year " and would feature acoustic music . Later in 2006 , Mitsuda alleged that the album would actually be released in 2007 . In 2008 , Yasunori Mitsuda posted a streaming sample of a track from the upcoming Chrono Cross arranged album . Though no official release date was announced , Mitsuda more than once stated that the album would be planned to coincide with the
 Mrs Allen was so long in dressing , that they did not enter the ball @-@ room till late . The season was full , the room crowded , and the two ladies squeezed in as well as they could . As for Mr Allen , he repaired directly to the card @-@ room , and left them to enjoy a
 Columbia Records simultaneously released Dylan , a collection of studio outtakes ( almost exclusively covers ) , widely interpreted as a <unk> response to Dylan 's signing with a rival record label . In January 1974 , Dylan returned to touring after seven years ; backed by the Band , he embarked on a North American tour of 40 concerts . A live double album , Before the Flood , was on Asylum Records . Soon , according to Clive Davis , Columbia Records sent word they " will spare nothing to bring Dylan back into the fold " . Dylan had second thoughts about Asylum , <unk> that while there had been millions of <unk> ticket requests for the 1974 tour , Geffen had sold only 700 @,@ 000 copies of Planet Waves . Dylan returned to Columbia Records , which reissued his two Asylum albums
 Widely known as the " Tribune of Eshmun " because of its shape , the altar of Eshmun is a white marble structure dating to the 4th century BC . It is 2 @.@ 15 metres ( 7 @.@ 1 ft ) long by 2 @.@ 26 metres ( 7 @.@ 4 ft ) wide and 2 @.@ 17 metres ( 7 @.@ 1 ft ) tall . <unk> in 1963 by Maurice Dunand , it stands on a limestone <unk> with marble blocks that rest against a retaining wall . The altar is adorned with Hellenistic style relief sculptures and is framed by decorative <unk> , one of which divides the altar into two distinct registers of symmetrical composition . The upper register portrays 18 Greek deities , including two <unk> surrounding the Greek god Apollo , who is depicted playing a <unk> ( a type of <unk> ) . The lower register honors <unk> , who leads his <unk> ( his <unk> revenue ) in a dance to the music of pipe and <unk> players . The Tribune is displayed at the National Museum of
 Madero also earned the great <unk> of other revolutionaries , including , Pascual Orozco . Madero 's first act after the treaty was signed was a gesture of reconciliation with the Díaz regime . As a result of the treaty he was given the right to appoint members of the la Barra cabinet . He chose mostly upper class <unk> , including his wife for the post in the treasury . He also maintained the existing federal system , by keeping the sitting judges of the Supreme Court , the legislators in federal and state assemblies and the <unk> of the various federal agencies . <unk> <unk> , who was going to become a major revolutionary in his own right and a future president of Mexico , stated that , after the treaty , Madero had " deliver ( ed ) to the <unk> a dead revolution which will have to be fought over again " . Díaz , after leaving for exile in France , observed that " Madero has unleashed a tiger , let us see if he can control him " .
:)  Pastizzi is great, I have been coming here for years with my dad and grandparents so it is very much a nostalgic experience
What can you say to this committee to convince us that this is a leopard that has changed its spots, he asked.
 Upon its release in 1987 , the film was generally well received by critics . Rita <unk> , writing in The Washington Post suggested " It 's all rather <unk> , with its <unk> hero on his spiritual quest , the atmosphere <unk> , <unk> to dance with once and future truths . " Tom Hutchinson in the Mail on Sunday praised " a script whose delight is in the rounded reality of its characters " . Janet Maslin , writing in The New York Times praised
He also advertised to us that a local blues band
I really miss him treating my kids however he
"[23/m] My girlfriend [21/f] going on vacation with male
He was unbelievably attentive, kind,
 What came to be known as the Long Parliament also began to voice vague grievances against Charles , many of which were religious in nature . Parliament had many Puritans and Puritan @-@ <unk> members , who generally opposed the existing episcopal system , but there was little agreement over what shape the church should take . Later in 1640 , the Root and Branch petition was presented to the House of Commons , the lower house of Parliament . It was signed by about 15 @,@ 000 <unk> and called for total elimination of the episcopal system . Committees were organized in the House of Commons to enact religious reforms , leading to the imprisonment of Archbishop Laud and his supporters in the Tower of London as retaliation for their repression of Puritans . The Court
I showed up this evening to a mostly empty restaurant with loud pumping club music and a deejay talking to himself
Will not hesitate to recommend him to everyone.
Forgot to bring his spatulas for the spinning salad bowl.
 More recently , IM Hans Berliner , a former World Champion of <unk> Chess , claimed in his 1999 book The System that 1.d4 gives White a large , and possibly decisive , advantage . Berliner asserted that with best play White wins against the <unk> Defense , the Modern <unk> , the <unk> Gambit and other ( unnamed ) " major defences " , and achieves at least a large advantage in many lines of the Queen 's Gambit <unk> . However , he allowed that , " It is possible that the rules of chess are such that only some number of plausible @-@ appearing defences to 1.d4 can be
1	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he
Also, I am not sure why "what" I decide to order is any of his concern as long as I meet
 In a 1946 paper published in the Folklore journal , John H. Evans recorded the existence of a local folk belief that a battle was fought at the site of the Coldrum Stones , and that a " Black Prince " was buried within its chamber . He suggested that the tales of battles taking place at this site and at other Medway Megaliths had not developed independently among the local population but had " <unk> down from the theories of <unk> " who believed that the Early Medieval Battle of <unk> , which was recorded in the Anglo @-@ Saxon
...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over
Of the three months working there, the longest employee was a sad, withered undocumented old man
His massage room is clean
He took the time to tell us about his experience in the restaurant industry and his Japanese origins.
On an Iata stage this week, he described trade unions as a pain in
 On 2 February 1926 , Parliament voted to <unk> the Trunk Railway . During the debate , the organisation of Spisevognselskapet was criticised ; with the <unk> , the state became the sole owner of Spisevognselskapet . On 31 March 1927 , the Ministry of Labour recommended that the company remain a state @-@ owned limited company ; the minority in parliament wanted a state enterprise . During the 1930s , <unk> <unk> was managing director of Norsk Spisevognselskap . In 1948 , <unk> <unk> was appointed managing director of the company . He was succeeded by Knut <unk> in 1960 . The company had 75 employees in 1919 , and 591 in 1949 .
 The skyscraper at 100 McAllister began in 1920 with a plan formulated by Reverend Walter John Sherman to merge four of the largest Methodist Episcopal congregations in San Francisco , sell their various churches and properties and combine their assets
3128	Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness
5493	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
"Neighbor's kid got hurt jumping over my fence. My fence is in good order and so is the grass beneath it, the jump itself is what hurt him. Father is irate. Need specifics on what
 In the last quarter of the seventeenth century the <unk> reformer <unk> al @-@ Din launched a jihad to restore purity of religious observance in the Futa Toro region to the north . He gained support from the Torodbe clerical clan against the warriors , but by 1677 the movement had been defeated . Some of the Torodbe migrated south to Bundu and some continued on to the Futa Jallon
[Texas] My obese neighbor called the police and said I didn't help him when he fell on the stairs. Police said I could face punishment if this happens again. Is this
In turn, parliaments and voters in the rest of the UK would also have to agree to backing up Scotland financially by bailing it out during a crisis - that, he said, would be a political decision beyond his authority
9853	Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy
 <unk> his stature within the archaeological establishment , the government appointed Wheeler as the British representative on a UNESCO project to undertake a programme of rescue archaeology in the Nile Valley ahead of the construction of the <unk> Dam , which was going to flood large areas of Egypt and Sudan . <unk> securing UK funding for the project , he deemed it an issue of national and personal shame when he was unable to persuade the British government to supply additional funding for the relocation of the Abu <unk> temples . In October 1968 , he took part in a UNESCO visit to Pakistan to assess the state of Mohenjo @-@ daro , writing the project 's report on how the archaeological site
By way of full disclosure, I'm a male single parent of two (and a dog) that wishes he
 On 16 October 2011 , after 250 minutes of play , Fowler scored his first goal for <unk> against <unk> . He scored his <unk> club career goal on 21 December 2011 against <unk> <unk> . On 28 February 2012 Fowler announced he had left the club
Thanks to him, instead of asking me to wait in the inexcusable line that is the post office, he came out from behind the counter and walked me through the steps and in
 In 1925 , Maeda became involved with helping settle Japanese immigrants near <unk> @-@ <unk> , a Japanese @-@ owned company town in <unk> , Brazil . This was part of a large tract in the Amazon forest set aside for Japanese settlement by the Brazilian government . The crops grown by the Japanese were not popular with the <unk> , and the Japanese investors eventually gave up on the project . Maeda also continued teaching judo , now mostly to the children of Japanese immigrants . Consequently , in 1929 , the Kodokan promoted him to 6th dan , and on November 27 , 1941 , to 7th dan . Maeda never knew of this final promotion , because he died in Belém on November 28 , 1941 . The cause of death was kidney disease . 
I asked why when he was
We were very close to getting this good man nominated, said Senate Majority Leader Harry M.
Doggo does a heckin good slow jam with dad
He made sure I was happy with the
8439	Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately
White House admits no phone calls from Boy Scouts
A day or two before he retired, I called his office asking
He sings well and it is kinda neat but
 Before the 2014 season , Hamels announced that he would not be ready to pitch on Opening Day because of <unk> in his <unk> . On April 6 Hamels pitched in a Minor League Class A @-@ Advanced game , striking out four while allowing two earned
 Though Goffman is often associated with the symbolic interaction school of sociological thought , he did not see himself as a representative of it , and so Fine and Manning conclude that he " does not easily fit within a specific school of sociological thought " . His ideas are also " difficult to reduce to a number of key themes " ; his work can be broadly described as developing " a comparative , <unk> sociology that aimed to produce <unk>
Minimizing Hibbert Roy Hibbert snapped out of his funk in Indiana's Game 7 win against Atlanta with
The gentleman who did my nails had no conversation for me, not sure if it was because he was so busy watching
That was cool, although he stuck with the avocado Penang curry with tofu.
I sampled Zack's Pho (which he orders with extra veggies) and was secretly wishing I'd ordered my own... but my Vermicelli Noodle entree with shrimp and veggies
 The Dominion of India became an independent country as official ceremonies took place in New Delhi . Nehru assumed office as the first prime minister , and the viceroy , Lord <unk> , continued as its first governor general . Gandhi 's name was invoked by crowds celebrating the occasion ; Gandhi himself however took no part in the official events . Instead , he marked the day with a 24 @-@ hour fast
 John Scott , in an anonymous review for the September 1820 edition of The London Magazine , argued for the greatness of Keats 's poetry as exemplified
He was so polite and knowledgable, he knew every detail about the menu and made sure the food
He said that's where I would go,
When my father came and visited and got his card stolen, they were awesome in helping him work through
Dis lil guy
 Weir assembled and trained his battalion at the <unk> Racecourse , then embarked with them on the transport <unk> on 20 October 1914 as the first convoy of Australian troops departed for overseas service . On arrival in Fremantle , six companies of the 11th Battalion were embarked on the transport , and Weir was appointed Officer Commanding Troops for the voyage . The troops began disembarking at Alexandria on 6 December 1914 , and were entrained for Cairo , where
[DC] Lyft Driver locked me in his car until I agreed to talk about Jesus
Spook with manager on the way out he apologized.
3800	s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his
 On February 1 in New Hampshire , Nixon announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination , commenting that problems " beyond politics " needed to be addressed . Immediately following his entrance , the media team prepared for an advertising campaign . They analyzed video of Nixon , determining that he was at his best when speaking spontaneously . The team organized a question and answer session with seven members of the New Hampshire Republican Party , taping Nixon 's responses for editing and use in advertisements . He campaigned in the state , although polls suggested that he would easily win its primary . As a result , he began campaigning in Wisconsin where the second primary would be held . During a stop , he briefly discussed Vietnam , although not in detail , stating that the United States " must prevent [ such ] confrontations , " but that the nation must also " help people in the free world fight against aggression , but not do their fighting for them . " He used those dictatorships in Latin America as an example , stating : " I am talking not about marching feet but helping hands . " As military operations increased in Vietnam in mid @-@ February , Nixon 's standing against President Johnson improved . A Harris poll showed that he trailed the president 43 % to 48 % . Near the end of the month , Nixon 's opponent George Romney exited
 At around the time the Chichester Festival opened , plans for the creation of the National Theatre were coming to fruition . The British government agreed to release funds for a new building on the South Bank of the Thames . Lord Chandos was appointed chairman of the National Theatre Board in 1962 , and in August Olivier accepted its invitation to be the company 's first director . As his assistants , he recruited the directors John Dexter and William <unk> , with Kenneth Tynan as literary adviser or " <unk> " . <unk> the construction of
 The Hurricanes ' ground offense was led by running back Smokey Roan , who carried the ball 152 times for <unk> yards and five touchdowns . Roan was assisted by an able offensive line . Miami offensive tackle John <unk> was named
He would check on us through our dinner and gave us a
 Woodhouse signed for Peterborough United on 14 October 2003 , the same day that he made his debut against Torquay United in a 3 – 2 victory in the Football League Trophy . However , he had been training with Peterborough a month prior to signing for them , whilst he " sorted out some problems at Birmingham City " . He went on to captain the side , and was later described as " Captain Marvel " by manager , Barry Fry . In 2003 – 04 , he made 27 appearances in the Second Division , scoring seven goals . Peterborough finished 18th in the Second Division , two points from relegation , with Woodhouse being named as Peterborough 's player of the season . In May 2004 , Hull City manager , Peter Taylor , made a failed £ 100 @,@ 000 bid to try and sign the midfielder . The following season , 2004 –
10614	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how
 The basic anthropomorphic form varies . Child gods are depicted nude , as are some adult gods when their <unk> powers are emphasized . Certain male deities are given heavy <unk> and breasts , signifying either <unk> or prosperity and abundance . Whereas most male gods have red skin and most goddesses are yellow — the same colors used to depict Egyptian men and women — some are given unusual , symbolic skin colors . Thus the blue skin and <unk> figure of the god <unk> alludes to the Nile flood he represents and the nourishing fertility it brought . A few deities , such as Osiris , Ptah , and <unk> , have a " <unk> " appearance , with their limbs tightly <unk> in cloth . Although these gods resemble mummies , the earliest examples predate the cloth @-@ wrapped style of <unk> , and this form may instead <unk>
 Andrew 's arrival at the front coincided with the start of the Somme Offensive . He participated in the Battle of <unk> @-@ <unk> , which began on 15 September , and was wounded . Promoted to corporal in January 1917 , he took part in the Battle of <unk> the following
The chairman of the Early Intervention Foundation, Labour MP Graham Allen, said Perry was the best in his field and was meeting senior officials and politicians already
 Wilhelm was known as a " relief ace " and his teams used him in a new way that became a trend . Rather than bringing in a relief pitcher only when the starting pitcher had begun to
Overall that part of the experience was great I like the way that things turned out I will put a post review on how they last which is why this was not a full four stars because based off of him it could
 In 1975 , the Columbia album The Basement Tapes was compiled , mainly by Robertson and engineer Rob <unk> . Robertson and <unk> put thirty @-@ five of the songs onto composite reels of tape , and Heylin believes these represented a short list of candidates for the album . " Santa @-@ Fe " was included on these composite reels , but was not ultimately chosen for the album . The Basement Tapes included sixteen Dylan songs recorded at Big Pink in 1967 , as well as eight Band demos from various times and locations between 1967 and 1975 . One Dylan song on the album , " <unk> ' to Acapulco " , had not appeared on his 1967 fourteen @-@ song acetate or on bootlegs , and this alerted the world to the possibility that there might be more Basement Tape songs in existence . In 1986 , at least twenty @-@ five previously unknown 1967 songs by Dylan and the Band passed into collectors ' hands by way of a former <unk> of the Band 's . In the early 1990s , a third batch of songs , these ones from Garth Hudson 's archives , came to light around the time Columbia was preparing The Bootleg Series Volumes 1 – 3 ; " Santa @-@ Fe " comes from this group . In his liner notes for The Bootleg Series Volumes 1 – 3 , John <unk> commented on these second and third stages in which groups of Big Pink songs had come
His cut rivaled
 While Sihanouk was abroad in France for a rest cure in January 1970 , government @-@ sponsored anti @-@ Vietnamese demonstrations were held throughout Cambodia . Continued unrest spurred Prime Minister / Defense Minister Lon Nol to close the port of Sihanoukville to communist supplies and to issue an ultimatum on 12 March to the North Vietnamese to withdraw their forces from Cambodia within 72 hours . The prince , outraged that his " <unk> <unk> " with the communists had been disturbed , immediately
Instead of making his players take spot-kicks against goalkeepers Joe Hart, Ben
 Tintin is informed by Thomson and Thompson of a case involving the <unk> of a drunken man , later killed , found with a scrap of paper from what appears to be a tin of crab meat with the word " Karaboudjan " <unk> on it . His subsequent investigation and the kidnapping of a Japanese man interested in giving him a letter leads Tintin to a ship called the Karaboudjan , where he is abducted by a syndicate of criminals who have hidden opium in the crab tins . Tintin escapes from his locked room after Snowy <unk> through his bonds and Tintin knocks out a man sent to bring him food , leaving the man bound and gagged in the room . Tintin encounters Captain Haddock , an alcoholic sea captain , who is manipulated by his first mate , Allan , and is unaware of
 The poem incorporates a complex reliance on assonance — the repetition of vowel sounds — in a conscious pattern , as found in many of his poems . Such a reliance on assonance is found in very few English poems . Within " Ode to a Nightingale " , an example of this
 Tennyson penned " Ulysses " after the death of his close Cambridge friend , the poet Arthur Henry Hallam ( 1811 – 1833 ) , with whom Tennyson had
Maybe that's me being too harsh but he was very very rude to her.
Orlando was very helpful and I was there a couple of times and he was very patient,
The Soundwerks guy actually spent the time to remove my stereo to
Note that once we notified the server he disappeared to the
In apologies for the kids running around my campsite kicking soccer balls into my campfire, he offered me and a friend some corn chili
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached
 All of his significant music is for the voice ( opera and songs ) and this reflects his detailed <unk> in Italian opera . Throughout his career he wrote his operas with specific singers in mind and took great care to temper his writing to their strengths ; but at the same time he seemed little interested in expressing the emotions of his characters , preferring to use his music to underline the larger @-@ scale machinations of the plot . In this way he was close to the ideas of his teacher Vogler , himself renowned for his dramatic depictions of nature and incident in keyboard music , who wrote in 1779 that " writing beautifully is easy ; expression is not too difficult ; but
 García Márquez researched a wide variety of historical documents , including Bolívar 's letters , 19th @-@ century newspapers , and Daniel Florencio O 'Leary 's 34 volumes of memoirs . He engaged the help of various experts , among them geographer Gladstone <unk> ; historian and fellow Colombian <unk> Gutiérrez <unk> , who had co @-@ written a book called Bolívar Día a Día with historian <unk> <unk> ; and astronomer Jorge <unk> — García Márquez used an inventory drawn up by <unk> to describe which nights Bolívar spent under a full moon . García Márquez also worked closely with Antonio Bolívar <unk> , a
The kid loved his shells and cheese, but hey, he's 10 and is
 Juan Martin del Potro and Roger Federer have played 20 times with Federer leading 15 – 5 . They have met six times in Grand Slam tournaments with Federer leading 5 – 1 . Their two most famous Grand Slam tournament meetings both came in 2009 . The first was in the French Open semifinals , when Federer survived an epic five @-@ set clash when he was chasing the only French title of his career . The second was in the final of the US Open , where del Potro stunned Federer in five sets , ending his 20 @-@ match winning streak at majors . Another high @-@ profile match was in the
Another man confessed to the
 I. anglicus was the original type species , but the holotype was based on a single tooth and only partial remains of the species have been recovered since . In March 2000 , the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature changed the type species to the much better known I. bernissartensis , with the new holotype being <unk> 1534 . The original Iguanodon tooth is held at Te Papa <unk> , the national museum of New Zealand in Wellington , although it is not on display . The fossil arrived in New Zealand following the move of Gideon Mantell 's son Walter there ; after the elder Mantell 's death , his fossils went to
It's easier to rise against someone whose monstrously carbuncled soul is given visible form by his choice of habitation than against someone whose kitchen you
8256	Whatever Eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard
Craig is pleasure to work with and he
 A stay @-@ at @-@ home dad ( alternatively , stay
 Ferrari dominated the previous round in Malaysia , where Felipe Massa had claimed pole position , and led his teammate Räikkönen in second place through the opening stages of the race , before spinning off and retiring midway through . Räikkönen went on to win the race , and expressed his optimism about Bahrain : " I have finished third in three successive <unk> Prix in Bahrain . Time and again something has gone wrong . Sakhir is one of those circuits where I
 " Behind the Crooked Cross " is rarely played live as Hanneman hates the track , though King has always wanted to play it " because it 's got a cool intro " despite it not being his favorite song . King said " that 's fine " when speaking of the situation , noting " there are songs that he wants to play that I always shoot down . " " <unk> of War " isn 't King 's favorite song either , which he attests " everybody always wants to hear " performed live . He confessed ; " I like the ending , you know , I like the big heavy part and I always say , ‘ Let 's put the heavy ending at the
I'm sorry for Jason that he hasn't met his career goals and is doing nails but since when in North America do I have to have my cuticles cut when
 Claude Bosi and his wife
 " Boy ( I Need You ) " contains
 In 2003 , Nesbitt played undercover police detective Tommy Murphy in the first series of Murphy 's Law , after starring in a successful pilot episode in 2001 . The series was conceived when Nesbitt was working on Playing the Field ; he and producer Greg <unk> approached author Colin Bateman about creating a television series for Nesbitt in a similar vein to Bateman 's Dan <unk> novels . Bateman and Nesbitt were already well acquainted ; Nesbitt had been considered for a main role in <unk> Jack ( David <unk> , 1998 ) , based on Bateman 's original novel . A 90 @-@ minute pilot of Murphy 's Law was commissioned by the BBC , initially as a " comedy action adventure " . Bateman created a complex backstory for Murphy , which was cut at the request of the producers . After the broadcast of the pilot , Guardian critic Gareth McLean wrote , " the likeable James Nesbitt turned in a strong , extremely <unk> central performance , though rarely did he look <unk> by his efforts
9328	It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
Jonathan Fleming, now 51, had been on holiday in Disney World at the time of the murder and had documents supporting his alibi, but he
 In the interior of the pyramid a descending passage led , behind three granite <unk> , to an <unk> , three magazine rooms and the burial chamber . In it , pieces of alabaster and a <unk> bead on a gold thread were discovered as well as many fragments of what was originally a large sarcophagus of dark grey basalt . The sarcophagus was sunk into the floor of the burial chamber together with a niche for the <unk> chest of the king to its north @-@ east . An almost
919	Here , Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is
 Although the coup was a political success for Khánh , it was not enough to stabilize his leadership in the long run . During the dispute over the HNC , Khánh had tried to frame the dispute in nationalistic terms against what he saw as overbearing US influence . In the long run , this failed , as South Vietnam and the senior officers ' careers and advancement were dependent on US aid . Taylor hoped Khánh 's appeals to nationalism might <unk> by causing his colleagues to fear a future without US funding . The Americans were aware
 Kurt Schmoke , the incumbent Mayor of Baltimore , was serving his third term . He announced in December 1998 that he would not run for reelection the following year , the first time an incumbent Baltimore mayor did not run for reelection since 1971 . Schmoke was
But he has denied making those calls or using the names given by the male caller
His answer about the porcelain blue was the same but he offered to exchange
4312	Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete ,
He seem to be the only person running the
He performed the song during a taping of The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour in September 1967, his return to network television, but it was cut before
852	Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
 The Dota series began in 2003 with Defense of the Ancients ( DotA ) — a mod for Blizzard Entertainment 's Warcraft III : Reign of Chaos — created by the <unk> designer " <unk> " . An expansion pack for Warcraft III , entitled The Frozen Throne , was released later that year ; and a series of Defense of the Ancients clone <unk> for the new game competed for popularity . DotA : Allstars by Steve Feak was the most successful , and Feak , with his friend Steve Mescon , created the official Defense of the Ancients community website and the holding company DotA @-@ Allstars , LLC . When Feak retired from DotA : Allstars in 2005 , a friend , under the pseudonym " IceFrog " , became its lead designer . The popularity of Defense of the Ancients increased significantly : it became one of the most popular <unk> in the world , and , by 2008 , a prominent eSports title
When Craig told me that I asked him why it took me going to the extent of asking for Steve's information for them to do the right thing, and he
2650	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His
Also for the reviews that say he is rude or disrespectful....I have never experienced this and I am a customer service/bedside manner
Would it be wrong to get a hysterectomy without his permission? (Mostly me
 On 14 August 2006 , it was confirmed that Randy Lerner , then owner of the National Football League 's Cleveland Browns , had reached an agreement of £ 62 @.@ 6 million with Aston Villa for a takeover of the club . A statement released on 25 August to the <unk> announced that Lerner had secured 59 @.@ 69 % of Villa shares , making him the majority shareholder . He also appointed himself Chairman of the club . In Ellis 's last year in charge Villa lost £ <unk> before tax , compared with a £ <unk> profit the previous year , and income had fallen from £ <unk> to £ <unk> . Lerner took full control on 18 September , as he had 89 @.@ 69 % of the shares . On 19 September 2006 , Ellis and his board resigned to be replaced with a new board headed by Lerner . Lerner installed Charles <unk> as a non @-@
He replaced my drink without question when said orange juice was accidentally cleared away when I
I also like that he lets you browse instead of
Tom is on his
3452	I am more offended by his lack of faith in his
 Various <unk> novels and folk legends have endowed Zhou with different kinds of martial and supernatural skills . These range from mastery of the bow , double <unk> , and Chinese spear to that of <unk> hard qigong and even x @-@ ray vision . Practitioners of Eagle Claw , Chuojiao and Xingyi commonly include him within their lineage history because of his association with Yue Fei , the supposed progenitor of these styles . He is also linked to Northern <unk> Mantis boxing via Lin Chong and Yan Qing . Wang Shaotang 's folktale even represents him as a master of <unk> Eight Immortals boxing . However , the oldest historical record that mentions his name only says he taught archery to Yue Fei
He says inside, and then pick
 The funerary cult of Djedkare Isesi enjoyed a revival during the New Kingdom ( c . 1550 – <unk> BCE ) . For the early part of this period , this is best attested by the <unk> king list , a list of kings commissioned by pharaoh Thutmose III . The list was not meant to be <unk> , rather it gave the names of Thutmose 's <unk> whom he wanted to honor by dedicating offerings . 
And he just says they
Top intelligence official told associates Trump asked him if he could intervene with Comey on
6203	None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
I ordered some pasta which ended up tasting like the pan he cooked it in.
On the next appt he said his engine had blown in his
 Set in 1920 , the film follows the experiences of Tom Birkin ( Colin Firth ) , who has been employed under a bequest to carry out restoration work on a Medieval mural discovered in a church in the small rural community of <unk> , Yorkshire . The escape to the idyllic countryside is <unk> for Birkin , haunted by his
In a rush we picked tuna tartare as our appetizer, husband ordered mac & cheese, we shared the chopped salad,  king crab legs and sea
"[UPDATE][KS] Contractor I never hired has sent me an invoice for work he allegedly did 5 months ago. The charges are don't make any sense, and he has had a
 Lawton continued to train his heading skills intensely in the summer of 1936 , and also played cricket for Burnley Cricket Club as a batsman in the Lancashire League . He scored a six against both Learie Constantine and <unk> Singh . He scored <unk>
The other Volcano Roll - eel, cream cheese, avocado, spicy kani & scallop, baked with spicy dynamite sauce - I thought his would have also been spicy was not,
 Although King James rewarded Calvert in 1623 for his loyalty by granting him a 2 @,@ 300 @-@ acre ( 9 @.@ 3 km2 ) estate in County Longford , in the central Ireland region of Leinster , where his seat was known as the " Manor of Baltimore " , Calvert was increasingly isolated from court circles as the
 <unk> armour arriving in the first wave included AVREs , mine <unk> , and armoured <unk> . Clearing paths off the beach proved difficult , as the tanks got stuck in the mud or were taken out by mines . A lone mine <unk> tank finally cleared a path from the beach up toward the Mont Fleury Battery and Ver @-@ Sur @-@ Mer . This route was used by the Green Howards and tanks of the 4th / 7th Dragoon Guards , who cleared the remaining resistance at the Mont Fleury Battery . B Company moved on to attack trench positions and machine gun emplacements at Meuvaines Ridge , while C Company moved to the west of Ver @-@ Sur @-@ Mer to help cover the assault on Crépon , where roads led to the important targets of Bayeux and Caen . The 7th Green Howards attacked the gun battery at Ver @-@ Sur @-@ Mer , where they took 50 prisoners . Colour Sergeant @-@ Major Stanley Hollis earned the only Victoria Cross to be bestowed for actions on D @-@ Day . On the way to the Mont Fleury Battery , Hollis came under machine gun fire while investigating a <unk> , so he shot into the entrance with his <unk> gun and dropped a grenade through the roof , killing most of the occupants . He cleared a nearby trench of enemy soldiers , whereupon the occupants of a second <unk> surrendered . Later in the day , he saved the lives of three men
 The Crab with the Golden Claws was published in book form shortly after its conclusion . Hergé continued The Adventures of Tintin with The <unk> Star , while the series itself became a defining part of the Franco @-@ Belgian comics tradition . In 1943 , Hergé coloured and <unk> the book in his distinctive ligne @-@ claire style for Casterman 's <unk> . The Crab with the Golden Claws introduces the recurring character Captain Haddock , who became a major fixture of the series . The book is the first Tintin adventure published in the United States and the first to be adapted into a motion picture . The Crab with the Golden Claws was adapted for the 1956 <unk> Studios animation Hergé 's Adventures of Tintin , for the 1991 <unk> / <unk> animated series The Adventures of Tintin , and for the
He had a Barbacoa bowl and I had three fish tacos.
He took the time to hard pipe / solder coper on every thing but the condensate
No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from
 A. amplexus was named by Gregory S. Paul for giant Morrison allosaur remains , and included in his conception <unk> maximus ( later Saurophaganax ) . A. amplexus was originally coined by Cope in 1878 as the type species of his new genus <unk> , and is based on what is
 Of Human Feelings features shorter and more distinct compositions than Dancing in Your Head . " Sleep Talk " , " Air Ship " , and " Times Square " were originally performed by Coleman during his concerts in 1978 under the names " Dream Talking " , " Meta " , and " Writing in the Streets " , respectively . " What Is the Name of That Song ? " was titled as a <unk> reference to two of his older compositions , " Love Eyes " and " Forgotten Songs " ( also known as " Holiday for Heroes " ) , whose themes were played concurrently and <unk> by Prime Time . The theme from " Forgotten Songs " , originally from Coleman 's 1972 album Skies
 Vice Admiral Reinhard Scheer became commander in chief of the High Seas Fleet on 18 January 1916 when Admiral von Pohl became too ill from liver cancer to continue in that post . Scheer proposed a more aggressive policy designed to force a confrontation with the British Grand Fleet ; he received approval from the Kaiser in February . The first of Scheer 's operations was conducted the following month , on 5 – 7 March , with an uneventful sweep of the <unk> . Another sortie followed three weeks later on the 26th , with another on 21 – 22 April . On 24 April , the battlecruisers of Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper 's I Scouting Group conducted a raid on the English coast . Markgraf and the rest of the fleet sailed in distant support . The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target , and had to withdraw . The other battlecruisers bombarded the town
The other location (Washington) had done a chest X-ray on my husband, and a nebulizer treatment, yet missed the fact he
The joe fries
 Zhou is born in Shaanxi and trains in the martial arts from a young age . He is taken as one of the pupils of Shaolin master Tan <unk> ( <unk> ) and , learning the true essence of Shaolin <unk> , becomes proficient in things both literary and martial . Tan 's other students include the future generals Jin Tai ( <unk> ) and Zong Ze ( <unk> ) and the future Water Margin outlaws Sun Li and <unk> <unk> . As a young man , Zhou catches the attention of Judge <unk> <unk> and enlists in the military as an officer . His superiors take note of his great skill after he helps his classmate
My son didn't like the pickles or beets and picked his
Guy who made
The guy working in the front chair asked "what you want done?".
He is on to something here, especially if customers are so
The second time I came, i brought a friend of mine to see what he thought.
Asked whether he would negotiate to get the changes
 In 2003 , Hurricane feuded with The Rock . In backstage segments , The Rock referred to The Hurricane as " The <unk> " ( in part because his mask was similar to the <unk> 's ) . The feud culminated in a match on Raw , in which The Rock
 The Secret of Monkey Island is a 1990 point @-@ and @-@ click graphic adventure game developed and published by Lucasfilm Games . It takes place in a fantastic version of the Caribbean during the age of piracy . The player assumes the role of Guybrush Threepwood , a young man who dreams of becoming a pirate
No matter the fact that I told him we dont want THOSE, he stood there and asked AND?
 Because of the low rates of pay , the stories submitted to Super Science Stories in its first year had generally already been rejected elsewhere . However , Pohl was a member of the Futurians , a group of science fiction fans that included Isaac Asimov , <unk> <unk> , Richard Wilson and Donald <unk> ; the Futurians were eager to become professional writers and were eager to submit stories to Pohl . The Futurians were prolific ; in Pohl 's first year as an editor he bought a total of fifteen stories from them for the two magazines . Pohl contributed material himself , usually in collaboration with one or more of the Futurians . Particularly after his marriage to Doris <unk> in August 1940 , Pohl realized that his salary covered their apartment rent with almost no money left over , and began to augment his income by selling to himself as well as to other magazines . The first story Pohl ever published that was not a collaboration was " The <unk> in the Ice " , which appeared in the January 1941 Super Science Stories . All of the
He had an amazing personality and a great knowledge about the menu and helped us narrow down all of the amazing options that are
"Mitch McConnell, the man who
I was very excited when I was told that chef Trees was coming back to Vegas to open his new restraunt!
My man had the "Beef Fajitas" and he ate every bit of it.
 Defender Luke O 'Neill was signed from Burnley on a 28 @-@ day emergency loan . He made his
Really, yes really and he did!
 <unk> Filucius ( Father Filucius ) is the only illustrated satire of this period suggested by the publisher . Also aimed at anti @-@ Catholic taste and <unk> , it criticizes the Jesuit Order . Kraus felt it was the weakest of all three anti @-@ clerical works . Some satires refer to contemporary events , such as Monsieur Jacques à Paris during the Siege of 1870 ( Monsieur Jacques à Paris <unk> der <unk> von 1870 ) . Busch biographer Manuela <unk> declares the story " <unk> work , drawing on anti @-@ French emotions and mocking the misery of French people in Paris , which is occupied by Prussian troops " . It depicts an increasingly desperate French citizen who at first eats a mouse during the German siege , then <unk> his dog 's tail to cook it , and finally <unk> an explosion pill which kills his dog and two fellow citizens . Weissweiler believes that Busch wrote with irony .
 Federer reached the semifinal of the 2012 Australian Open , setting up a 27th career meeting with Nadal , a match he lost in four tight
 As the chief parliamentary spokesman for an abandoned policy , Calvert no longer served a useful purpose to the English Royal Court , and by February 1624 his duties had been restricted to <unk> the Spanish ambassador . The degree of his <unk> was shown when he was reprimanded for supposedly delaying diplomatic letters . Calvert bowed to the inevitable . On the pretext of ill health , he began negotiations for the
Another thing they might need to fix is the chef with all of the hoops in his ear probably needs to learn how to be somewhat quiet and respect his staff some more.
 No disgrace was attached to Calvert 's departure from office : the King , to whom he had always remained personally loyal , confirmed his place on the Privy Council and appointed him " Baron Baltimore " , in County Longford in Leinster of central Ireland . Immediately after Calvert
On this particular visit, he wasn't
 Within the poem , Tennyson does not teach the audience what melancholy means . Instead , he
Mitch McConnell ignoring cabinet confirmation procedure he
He was friendly, quick, and helpful when I asked what was in the veggie pho, he went to ask the chef what's
I would have expected the server to just mention it - the beauty of great service is that the server - through his knowledge -
But mine was closed and man I sure am
In November 2009, he ruled out a return to the national team, saying he had never enjoyed playing for the Republic
1885	Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus
1197	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for Astoria
2035	Raimi and his team could n't
 The following year , the Annals of Tigernach states that Echmarcach succeeded Ímar . The Annals of the Four Masters specifies that Ímar was driven from the kingship by Echmarcach , who was then elected king by the Dubliners . After this point in Ímar 's life , all that is known for certain is that he died in 1054 , as recorded by the Annals of Ulster and the Annals of Loch <unk> . Nevertheless , since these sources style Ímar in Gaelic <unk> Gall ( " king of the foreigners " ) , there may be evidence to suggest that , when Diarmait mac Maíl na mBó , King of Leinster ( died 1072 )
 Until the early twentieth century , readers reacted to " Ulysses " <unk> . The meaning of the poem was increasingly debated as Tennyson 's stature rose . After <unk> F. Baum criticized Ulysses ' inconsistencies and Tennyson 's conception of the poem in 1948 , the ironic interpretation became dominant . Baum finds in Ulysses echoes of Lord Byron 's flawed heroes , who similarly display conflicting emotions , self @-@ critical <unk> , and a rejection of social responsibility . Even Ulysses ' resolute final <unk> — " To strive , to seek , to find , and not to yield " — is undercut by irony , when Baum and later critics compare this line to Satan 's " courage never to submit or yield " in John Milton
Speaking after his death, Ayodele's family said he was a talented and aspiring footballer with Grays Athletic FC.
He also hitchhiked and
4175	It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy ,
 DeGrom is known for his long hair , which he began to grow out while at Stetson . His starts with the Mets led to the <unk> <unk> on Twitter of "
I don't believe it was ever our intent to provide any service to Thiess contractors to Dawesville, he said.
Trump Says He Never Promised to Quickly
Okay My husband and I have seen this show and we enjoyed it so I decided to take my son who was 6 at the time, he had a blast.
He also must have thought we were stupid because he kept explaining the
I'm here trying to instill good values on my son C and help him understand that yes, he can do whatever he wants when he gets older, BUT, whatever he chooses to do, he has to give it his all.
 Upon his return to Yogyakarta , Darwis ( now played by Lukman Sardi ) changes his name to Ahmad Dahlan and begins teaching Islam , preaching that prayers need only come from inner peace and do not require large donations or sacrifices . Conflict soon arises between Dahlan and the local <unk> ( religious leaders ) after he shows that the direction in which they pray is wrong , pointing not to the Kaaba in Mecca but to Africa . The <unk> , especially <unk> Kamaludiningrat ( <unk> Rahardjo ) , <unk> Dahlan as the leader of a cult and provoke a crowd of their followers to destroy the building next
 Following the Game Boy 's " overnight success " , Super Mario Land sold over 18 million copies —
If they suddenly finished sixth there would be question marks but if they win the league or qualify for the Champions League, I don't think there will be any assumption about whether he stays
 Following his election , O 'Malley 's first personnel decision was to retain the director of the city 's economic development agency . O 'Malley had his transition team , and had them compile policy drafts by mid @-@ December , so they would be ready to compete for state funds when the Maryland State Legislature <unk> on January 12 , 2000 . He participated in the Newly <unk> <unk> Program at the John F. Kennedy School of Government in mid @-@ November . By the beginning of December , he named five deputy mayors and filled most of his cabinet . He finalized his cabinet on December 7 , during his last session as a city councillor . He was sworn in as mayor later that day
So, I'd recommend saving yourself a few hundred bucks and just watching his old performances
 The weather and conditions on the grid were before dry for the race . The air temperature was 29 ° C ( 84 ° F ) with signs of a breeze which could blow sand onto the track and impede the cars ' grip . Massa got the best start of the frontrunners off the line , as he passed Kubica into the first corner to take the lead . Hamilton 's poor start caused his anti @-@ stall system to kick in , and he was passed by six drivers to fall back to ninth . Räikkönen benefited from Hamilton 's start by moving up to third , ahead of Kovalainen , Trulli and Heidfeld . As Massa extended his lead at the front of the race , Hamilton , who trailed Alonso , collided with the back of the Renault , knocking the McLaren 's front wing off the car . Suffering
He gave me three
 As Chen was born in a culture other than the culture he now lives in , he tries to make games that appeal universally to all people . His goal with his games is to help video games mature as a medium by making games that inspire emotional responses in the player that other games are lacking . Although he and Thatgamecompany can and have made more traditional games , he does not plan on commercially developing any of
 The episode features American comedian and composer Michael McKean as Jerry Rude , a parody on the radio personality Howard Stern . Scully stated that McKean was " very funny " and that his Stern impression was " dead on the money " . The Simpsons staff originally asked Stern if he wanted to guest @-@ star in the episode , but he declined . Actor and producer Kevin <unk> was portrayed by series regular cast member Hank Azaria , who voices Moe <unk> among other characters in the series . Azaria also played Arthur Fortune , a character based on British business magnate Richard Branson . In the DVD commentary for the episode , Scully stated that Branson would have been a " great guest [
Deputy first minister Nicola Sturgeon confirmed on Saturday that Alex Salmond had agreed in principle to a televised debate with the leader of the no campaign, Alistair Darling, after insisting for more than a year that he would only debate
Mr Wilson made it clear to me very early in our relationship that I was either with him or against him and, at any time he
 In 1972 a testimonial match was organised by Everton on Lawton 's behalf to help him pay off his debts of around £ 6 @,@ 000 . However his financial situation was still bleak , and on two occasions he narrowly avoided a prison sentence for failing to pay his rates after an Arsenal supporters club and later an anonymous former co @-@ worker stepped in to pay the bill for him . In August 1974 , he was again found <unk> of
When I visits brother in law in Mexico he makes me take him 30 lbs of it.
 Harold Innis completed a Master of Arts at McMaster , graduating in April 1918 . His thesis , called The <unk> Soldier , " was a detailed description of the public policy measures that were necessary , not only to provide a supportive milieu to help
 Thomas Mervyn " Tom " ap Rhys Pryce ( 13 October 1974 – 12 January 2006 ) was a 31 @-@ year @-@ old British lawyer who was robbed and murdered by two black teenagers as he made his way home in Kensal Green , northwest London , on 12 January 2006 . The two
I tell him I would like my keys & car back, and he tells the tech
I am male 33. I have had sex only with two
I wish I could remember his name so I could ask for him next time.
I am actually going to drop off one more suit for him to adjust this week.
Im not gonna tell you! Youre the bad man who broke Sarahs
9300	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he
I'm not sure if he was joking or not but I certainly hope he was.
Finally David Rueb makes his
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme he was very concerned about
Both Yaya, and his other brother Kolo Toure, decided to remain at the World Cup in Brazil
He said he would have rated Harvey's 4.5 but that he wasn't pleased the cook was the server and
 According to Mifune , in 1904 Maeda lost to <unk> <unk> by <unk> <unk> , after defeating three adversaries in succession , but in a following <unk> @-@ <unk> defeated eight adversaries in a row and was awarded the rank of 4th dan ( <unk> ) . Mifune also states that Maeda was one of the most vigorous <unk> of judo , although not by teaching the art , instead generating recognition of judo through his many <unk> with contenders from other disciplines . Maeda treated experienced and inexperienced students alike , throwing them as if in real combat . He reasoned that this behavior was a measure of respect towards his students , but it was often misunderstood and frightened many youngsters , who would abandon him in favor of other professors . 
So I jumped to the front of the line and asked one of them employees Matt,and he said I paid for the wrong
) Osborne, incidentally, has learned both sides of the lesson: with Help to Buy, he will create a small number of homeowners who have him to thank for their purchase.
"My bf (27) lost his virginity to me 5 years ago, but now wants to know what
He claimed that my system took a maximum of 5 pounds and required the entire amount, when i asked him if he
Salesman was Mel Palmer, he even bought us sandwiches when the deal
Not even the symbiote can stop him
TX - Roommate took a shotgun to his computer as
It said Fahmawi was killed on his way to dawn prayers, after refusing to return to
Kirby clearly felt very comfortable he was relaxed and calm
 On 3 November 2004 , Jagannadh met Mahesh Babu at the Taj Hotel in <unk> to outline the film 's plot . It told the story of Uttam Singh , an undercover police officer , infiltrating a mafia gang as a criminal , with the intention of killing its kingpin . Mahesh liked the script but suggested Jagannadh <unk> the script 's backdrop to suit the Telugu @-@ speaking peoples ' sensibilities . Jagannadh agreed and also replaced the existing title with Pokiri . Mahesh wanted the film 's production to begin in 2005 allowing him to complete his current commitments . While he waited for Mahesh , Jagannadh directed <unk> <unk> in Super ( 2005 ) .
 When Zhou is <unk> in " Yangzhou storytelling " , he speaks in " Square mouth public talk " , which is a manner of speaking reserved for martial heroes , highly respected characters , or , sometimes , lesser characters that pretend to be an important hero . Square mouth public talk is actually a mixture of two forms of dialogue : <unk> and <unk> . <unk> ( square mouth )
My husband had a skillet meal that looked great, and I stole a bite of his toast with house-made jam, that was seriously soooo
6526	When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without
 On October 1 , 2007 , Columbia Records released the triple CD retrospective album Dylan , <unk> his entire career under
 On 27 January 2006 , Fowler rejoined Liverpool from Manchester City on a free transfer , signing a contract until the end of the season . Fowler had remained a Liverpool fan after he left the club ; he was in the Istanbul
Yes he is da bomb that made
"[20 F] My friend [19 M] is about to propose to a girl[F 18] that he's only known for three weeks, how can I make him
My husband attempted to work with him but he clearly doesn't care about his job or the
"Jared Kushner didn't disclose business ties to George Soros, Peter Thiel, and Goldman Sachs, or that he owes
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, Ill be sure to give him your shoe.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy
 Most reviews of The Feast of the Goat make either indirect of direct reference to the relationship between sexuality and power . Salon reviewer Laura Miller , writer for The Observer Jonathan <unk> , Walter Kirn , and Michael Wood each detail the connection between Trujillo 's gradual loss of ultimate control , both over his body and his followers . The means by which Trujillo reinforces political power through sexual acts and begins to lose personal conviction as his body fails him are topics of frequent discussion among reviewers . 
He got
He knows his job and is always spot-on with time
Badat, who was released from prison in 2010 after agreeing to testify in terrorism cases in Britain and the US, also said that he discussed plans for an attack on Canary Wharf with Khalid Sheikh
On the way over I talked the guy up and he ended up giving me the Cobra
 The rhyme has also been used as a reference in more serious literary works , including as a recurring motif of the Fall of Man in James Joyce 's 1939 novel <unk> Wake . Robert Penn Warren 's 1946 American novel All the King 's Men is the story of populist politician Willie Stark 's rise to the position of governor and eventual fall , based on the career of the corrupt Louisiana Senator Huey Long . It won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize and was twice made into a film All the King 's Men in 1949 and 2006 , the former winning the Academy Award for best motion picture . This was echoed in Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward 's book All the President 's Men , about the Watergate scandal , referring to the failure of the President 's staff to repair the damage once the scandal had leaked out . It was filmed as All the President 's Men in 1976 , starring Robert <unk> and Dustin Hoffman . Similarly , Humpty Dumpty is referred to in Paul <unk> 's 1985 novel City of Glass , when two characters discuss him as " the <unk> embodiment of the human condition " and quote extensively from Through the Looking
Scott Forstall says Steve Jobs created the iPhone because he was sick of hearing a Microsoft employee arrogantly telling him Microsoft was working on a touch-screen device so advanced that it would pave the way
First I was the only one in line instead of greeting me he takes a phone call, not a
 Between 1900 and the 1930s , the number of runs scored by batsmen , and the proportion of lbw dismissals , continued to rise . <unk> grew increasingly frustrated with pad @-@ play and the extent to which batsmen refused to play shots at bowling directed outside the off stump , simply allowing it to pass by . The English fast bowler Harold Larwood responded by targeting leg stump , frequently hitting the batsman with the ball in the process . This developed into the controversial Bodyline tactics he used in Australia in 1932 – 33 . Some batsmen began to go further and preferred to kick away balls pitched outside off stump — reaching out to kick the ball instead
 Although his father destined John for a clerical career , according to the late 13th @-@ century Tales of the Minstrel of Reims he " was unwilling " . Instead , the <unk> continued , John fled to his maternal uncle at the <unk> Abbey . Encouraged by his fellows , he became a knight and earned a reputation in tournaments and fights . Although elements of the Tales of the Minstrel of Reims are apparently invented ( for instance , John did not have a
 In the week following the Capitol One Bowl victory , several changes were made to the Alabama coaching staff . Defensive line coach Bo Davis resigned his position to serve as the defensive tackles coach for Texas . The following day , Chris <unk> was hired by Coach Saban from Clemson to replace Davis as defensive line coach . On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe <unk> announced his retirement . The following day , former Miami interim head coach Jeff <unk> was hired to replace <unk> as offensive line coach . On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt <unk> resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania . On February 7 , Mike <unk>
 Walpole 's taste for adventure did not <unk> in his last years . In 1939 he was commissioned to report for William Randolph <unk> 's newspapers on the funeral in Rome of Pope Pius XI , the conclave to elect his successor , and the subsequent coronation . A fellow correspondent was Tom <unk> , whose memoirs tell of a lunch à <unk> at which Walpole arrived flushed with excitement from a sexual encounter that morning with an attendant in the <unk> Palace . In the weeks between the funeral and Pius XII 's election Walpole , with his customary fluency , wrote much of his
Leider sind die Preise hier etwas höher als in Deutschland - dafü weiß man jedoch, dass es kein Missgriff ist!
I have the guys cellohne and I call him and now he tells me it's
 He dropped the superhero gimmick in 2005 , and began wrestling under his real name . He once again won the Cruiserweight Championship in early 2006 , and held it for over a year , becoming the longest reigning Cruiserweight Champion and the longest reigning champion of any kind in SmackDown history . After being out of action for over a year after neck fusion surgery Helms returned to SmackDown in September 2008 , referring to himself as Hurricane Helms , before moving to the ECW brand where he reverted to his Gregory Helms name , and became the backstage interviewer . In mid @-@ 2009 , he brought back The Hurricane character , and appeared as both Gregory Helms and The Hurricane on ECW
' After war service in the Royal Artillery, he dropped out of a teacher's training course to become a professional jazz musician, touring as featured saxophonist with Scottish big bands.
My husband doesn't eat red meat so he had the Halibut which was AMAZING!
 Following the end of the season , he agreed a new contract with Liverpool , which he signed on 14 August . By signing this contract , Torres had the option of a one @-@ year extension after the contract 's expiration in 2013 . Torres scored two goals in a 3 – 2 win over West Ham United on 19 September 2009 , a result that took Liverpool to third in the Premier League . A week later he scored his first hat @-@ trick of the 2009 – 10 Premier League season in a 6 – 1 victory over Hull City at Anfield . He was named Premier League Player of the Month for September , after scoring five goals during the month and becoming the Premier League 's top goalscorer . On 25 October 2009 , he scored the first goal in a 2 – 0 victory for Liverpool over Manchester United , after which Benítez praised Torres ' performance , saying " We were waiting for that final pass . When it came we knew he would score . " Torres was named
 An Arsenal director helped Lawton to find employment as player @-@ manager at Southern League side Kettering Town on wages of £ 1 @,@ 500 a year . He signed a number of players from Football League clubs , including Jim <unk> ( Arsenal ) , Amos Moore ( Aston Villa ) , Jack Wheeler ( Huddersfield Town ) , Jack Goodwin ( Brentford ) , Bob Thomas ( Fulham ) , Norman <unk> ( Leicester City ) , Harry McDonald ( Crystal Palace ) and Geoff <unk> ( Sunderland ) . Kettering were ten points clear at the top of the table by Christmas . In January 1956 he turned down an approach from Notts County to return as manager . Kettering won the league title in 1956 – 57 , finishing eight points ahead of Bedford Town , with Lawton
 Territorial representative David Levy proposed a resolution that was passed in Congress in 1842 : " that the Secretary of War be directed to place before this House such information as can be obtained in relation to the <unk> and probable expense of draining the everglades of Florida . " From this directive Secretary of the Treasury Robert J. Walker requested Thomas Buckingham Smith from St. Augustine to consult those with experience in the Everglades on the feasibility of draining them , saying that he had been told two or three canals to the Gulf of Mexico would be sufficient . Smith asked officers who had served in the Seminole Wars to respond , and many favored the idea , promoting the land as a future agricultural asset to the South . A few disagreed , such as Captain John Sprague , who wrote he " never supposed the country would excite an inquiry , other than as a hiding place for Indians , and had it occurred to me that so
He particularly likes the Michael Graves
 where e + is a positron , γ is a gamma ray <unk> , <unk> is a neutrino , and H and He are isotopes of hydrogen and helium , respectively . The energy released by this reaction is in millions of electron volts , which is actually only a tiny amount of energy . However enormous numbers of these reactions occur constantly , producing all the energy necessary to sustain the star 's radiation output . In comparison , the combustion of two hydrogen gas molecules with one
 The piece begins with three patrons taking their first sip of Guinness in a London pub . To the accompaniment of Sammy Davis , Jr . ' s rendition of " The Rhythm of Life " from the 1969 film version of the 1966 Broadway musical Sweet Charity , a reverse @-@ motion sequence begins . The three men retreat from the bar and into the street , other patrons disappearing as they pass . As they move down the street , a reverse time @-@ lapse @-@ style sequence transforms their clothes to match a rapidly changing urban scene , which progresses through modern @-@ day London to the <unk> period . Electric lights transform into gas lamps and buildings begin to disappear frame by frame . A short cutaway sequence shows the city <unk> into the past , shrinking to a small Saxon settlement before disappearing entirely . Returning to the main sequence , the three men 's clothes and hairstyles are adjusted into Bronze Age equivalents as they pass through <unk> woodland . A close @-@ up of one of the characters shows his
This is exactly what the Holy Father
We were told he couldn't
My husband had biscuits and gravy and he was disappointed with the
 Further advances in the understanding of acute myeloid leukemia occurred rapidly with the development of new technology . In 1877 , Paul Ehrlich developed a technique of staining blood films which allowed him to describe in detail normal and abnormal white blood cells . Wilhelm <unk> introduced the term " acute leukemia " in 1889 to differentiate rapidly progressive and fatal leukemias from the more <unk> chronic leukemias . The term " myeloid " was coined by Franz Ernst Christian Neumann in 1869 , as he was the first to recognize white blood cells were made in the bone marrow ( Greek : <unk> , <unk> = ( bone ) marrow ) as opposed to the spleen . The technique of bone marrow examination to <unk> leukemia was first described in 1879 by <unk> . Finally , in 1900 , the myeloblast , which is the malignant cell in AML , was characterized by Otto <unk> , who divided the leukemias into myeloid
The golden boy seemed to have lead boots.
Trump warns Mueller against looking into his family finances apart from Russia
 With his 10 catch , 199 yard performance , Julio Jones set Alabama single @-@ season records for both receptions and receiving
I've always had faith, he
Point man on
America's folkie emeritus: Pete Seeger plays his banjo.
The owner and chef if excellent I can't believe he would substitute a different fish and call it Magic-Mahi could just have been a bad piece 
 Reviewers of Illinois have compared Stevens ' style to Steve Reich , Vince <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , Neil Young , Nick Drake , and Death <unk> for <unk> . Stevens ' use of large orchestral arrangements in his music — much of it played by himself through the use of multi @-@ track recording — has been noted by several reviewers . Rolling Stone summarized the musical influences of Illinois , saying " the music draws from high school marching bands , show tunes and ambient electronics ; we can suspect Steve Reich 's Music for 18 Musicians
 The arrival of Spanish cardinals Solis and de la <unk> on April 27 strengthened the anti @-@ Jesuit party . They also violated the law of the conclave by establishing regular correspondence with Spanish ambassador <unk> . The Spaniards had fewer <unk> than Bernis and , supported by Cardinal <unk> , took the matter into their own hands . They paid attention to the only friar in the Sacred College , Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli , <unk> The attitude of Ganganelli towards the Jesuits was a great mystery – he had been educated by the Jesuits and it was said that he received the red hat at the instance of Father Lorenzo <unk> , general of the Society of Jesus , but during the <unk> of Clement XIII he did not engage himself in the defence of the Order . Cardinal Solis began by sounding him out as to his willingness to give the promise required by the
And when I told the Sommelier I was taking the Level 2 exam after passing Level 1, but that I wasn't a "real" sommelier at the time, he practically
 Wheeler had been expecting and openly hoping for war with Nazi Germany for a year prior to the outbreak of hostilities ; he believed that the United Kingdom 's involvement in the conflict would remedy the shame that he thought had been brought upon the country by its signing of the Munich Agreement in September 1938
My new guy he hooked me up
Next he looked at the unit (17 years old) and indicated that it was
 Both RedOctane and Harmonix experienced changes in 2006 . RedOctane was bought by Activision in June — who spent US $ 100 million to acquire the Guitar Hero franchise — while it was announced in October that Harmonix would be purchased by MTV Networks . As a result of the two purchases , Harmonix would no longer develop future games in the Guitar Hero series . Instead , that responsibility would go to Neversoft , a subsidiary of Activision known for developing the Tony Hawk 's series of <unk> games . Neversoft was chosen to helm the Guitar Hero series after Neversoft founder , Joel <unk> , admitted to the RedOctane founders , Kai and Charles Huang , that his development team for Tony Hawk 's Project 8 went to work on weekends just to play Guitar Hero . Activision CEO Bobby Kotick believed that Neversoft would help them bring great games
 Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for " Dance Tonight " (
The seats down at field level are a iittle snug - and I'm by no means a wide guy (6' 3" and 180 so
"[71/f] My husband [81/m] Financed $140,000 on his own
 The Missouri was the reason Omaha was founded , and continued to be important to the city 's growth for many years . In 1853 William D. Brown had the first vision for the city , leading him to found the Lone Tree Ferry crossing the Missouri River from Council Bluffs
Then he saw my contract
Over-worked Cardiff City goalkeeper David Marshall even had to save well from a team-mate as Ben Turner almost turned into his own goal.
I first brought my 57 Chevy Belair to him to charge
I'm just here to give our server his
TIL Steve Jobs had 323 patents under his name. The founders
 Alkan was not always remote or aloof . Chopin describes , in a letter to friend , visiting the theatre with Alkan in 1847 to see the comedian <unk> : " [ <unk> ] tells the audience how he was desperate to <unk> in a train , but
10017	Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his
He always makes sure that I leave
My [25/f] BF [26/m] left his FB account open on my computer and I saw that he talks a lot of shit about me
 The play was first produced at the St James 's Theatre on Valentine 's Day 1895 . It was freezing cold but Wilde arrived dressed in " <unk> sobriety " , wearing a green <unk> . The audience , according to one report , " included many members of the great and good , former cabinet ministers and privy councillors , as well as actors , writers , academics , and enthusiasts " . Allan Aynesworth , who played Algernon Moncrieff , recalled to Hesketh Pearson that " In my fifty @-@ three years of acting , I never remember a greater triumph than [ that ] first night " . Aynesworth was himself " <unk> and
There is no possible way Ben could have made our experience any better he
The 1st time I went there an older man
 He was then promoted to be Regimental Commanding Officer of the Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School in 1990 . In 1991 , he began a six @-@ year stint as Regimental Commanding Officer
But he unaccountably failed to mention the bellicose reputation of
 " Caught Up " received positive reviews from contemporary critics . Andrew McGregor of BBC called the song " <unk> " and " hip @-@ grinding " . Jon Caramanica of Blender magazine referred to the song like a " Southern marching band performing <unk> ' 80s R & B " . He characterized Usher 's voice playing like a rhythm instruments . Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine complimented Dre and Vidal for producing an old @-@ sounding music without sampling records , calling it " super @-@ tight " alongside " Follow Me " , another song from the album . Andy Kellman of Allmusic complimented the song as one of Usher 's best moments in the album , together with " Burn " . Kelefa Sanneh of The New York Times called it a " <unk> song " from the album , adding that it gave Usher " a chance to do two of the things he does best : strut
 Turner interviewed <unk> John Payne for the book , who had sat in on sessions with Van Morrison and later collaborated with him . Payne comments on their work together on the album <unk> Weeks , which also included musicians Connie Kay , Warren Smith , Jay Berliner , and Richard Davis : " Ironically , the image you have when you listen to the album now is of these guys who are all together , and they realise they are creating a monumental work of art . The fact is that it was just another session for them . " Payne states of his observations of Van Morrison 's performance
 The props used in this film , including weapons like swords and shields , were auctioned by Movie Artist Association . Actors , <unk> , and the general public were invited to bid and the proceeds were used to aid poor artists in the Telugu film industry . Actor Sivaji Raja started the bidding by offering ₹ 50 @,@ 000 for the sword that Ram Charan used and comedian <unk> <unk> started the bidding for the shield with ₹ 25 @,@ 000 . B. V. S. N. Prasad bid for both the sword and knife for ₹ 100 @,@ 000 . The bidding started on 7 May 2010 online in the association 's official website and ended on 16 May . The winners were declared on 20 May 2010 . After Magadheera , S. S. Rajamouli worked on a small budget film Maryada Ramanna ( 2010 ) which , according to Crazy Mohan , was similar to the act of S. S. <unk> directing the small budget film Mr. <unk> ( 1952 ) after <unk> ( 1948 ) . Rajamouli explained his decision by saying , " I decided that my next project would be Maryada Ramanna during the Magadheera shooting itself because it is a 1 and half year project that demands lot of physical labor and mental strain . I didn 't want to commit another physically exhausting film
Photo: Getty Images Has any album in rock history come out in an atmosphere as charged with emotion? Twenty years ago this week, Kurt Cobain was found dead in his home.
 Anderson frequently <unk> with many actors and crew , carrying them over from film to film . Anderson has referred to his regular actors as " my little <unk> company " that has included John C. Reilly , Philip Baker Hall , Julianne Moore , William H. <unk> , <unk> Walters , and most prominently , the late Philip Seymour Hoffman . Luis <unk> is also considered an Anderson regular . Hoffman acted in Anderson 's first four films as well as The Master . Except for Paul F. Tompkins , Kevin <unk> , and Jim <unk> , who all had equally minor roles in Magnolia , There Will Be Blood had an entirely new cast . Robert <unk> has been cinematographer for all of Anderson 's films except The Master which was shot by Mihai
My boyfriend got the Philly cheesesteak sandwich which he said was
The next day, I get another call from Ontrac, this time they say that the driver is adamant that he placed a door tag
 The 2007 Formula One season was dominated by Ferrari 's accusations that the McLaren team had made illegal use of their intellectual property , leading to legal cases in the United Kingdom and Italy . Unlike previous cases , such as the Toyota team 's illegal use of Ferrari intellectual property in 2004 that had been handled by German police , the FIA investigated . They initially found McLaren innocent ; unable to find enough evidence to suggest that anyone other than designer Mike <unk> had seen the information or that the team had used it . Ron Dennis , team principal of McLaren , was unaware at this point that Mosley had been sent personal e @-@ <unk> from Fernando Alonso , stating that the data had been used and seen by others in the team . When Italian police uncovered a series of text messages between McLaren and their spy at Ferrari , the team was hauled in front of the World Motor Sports Council ( WMSC ) once more . This time they were found guilty and eventually fined a gross $ <unk> and excluded from the 2007 constructors ' championship . Later in the year , the Renault team was found guilty by the FIA of possessing McLaren 's intellectual property , but was not punished , as the " FIA 's WMSC decided there was not enough evidence to show the championship had been affected . " In relation to McLaren , triple world champion Jackie Stewart criticised Mosley and stated that other teams did not back McLaren for " fear of repercussions " . TV commentator and newspaper columnist Martin Brundle , a former driver , was among those who criticised the FIA and Mosley for inconsistency and questioned the " energetic manner " in which he felt McLaren was being pursued , suggesting that there was a " witch hunt " against the team . Brundle and The Sunday Times subsequently received a writ for libel before the paper printed a correction . Mosley went on to defend himself of the charges made by Brundle , highlighting that the WMSC originally acquitted McLaren of any wrongdoing , stating : " Concrete evidence of use by McLaren of the Ferrari information was simply not there . " It was only later in the year when " e @-@ <unk> emerged which showed others inside McLaren were indeed aware of the Ferrari information " , that the FIA found the
Didn't wash his hands by the way before making our food.
 In 2006 , Aston Villa announced the creation of an " Aston Villa Hall of Fame . " This was voted for by fans and the inaugural induction saw 12 former players , managers and directors named . In May 2013 it was announced that former Villa and Bulgaria captain , <unk> <unk> , would be the 13th addition to
The delivery man actually came out
7 Ross Barkley A bright performance from the Everton youngster, who was brave enough to try to beat his man and shoot at goal.
The coffee was super strong and too potent for me but my boyfriend is a coffee lover and he
His staff has always been wonderful.
Retired Alabama cop on Roy Moore: ‘We were also told to … make sure that he didn’t hang around the
I will never sell my Vodafone shares - I have already told my son he is going to
That might be true, but the doctor never said what he was putting in my eyes or what he was doing either which
As I was very upset at my missing sour cream and his rude attitude, I replied, would you give me whatever request I made, and he
 Despite the praise , some reviewers criticized the game for its confusing level layouts and felt they have not held up very well over the years . Christian Donlan of Eurogamer stated that Perfect Dark is " not afraid to throw dead ends at you seemingly for the hell of it , or repeat textures so much in its huge maps that you can get a little dizzy . " GameSpot 's Tom <unk> Shea noted that the campaign was " oddly paced " , and that " locked doors , unused rooms , and dead ends ... can be <unk> to <unk> around in a circle until you finally happen upon the correct door you just couldn 't locate . " Nevertheless , he admitted that " it 's a lot of fun to replay them to try for high scores and figure out the many unique objectives . " He also remarked that that online play can periodically
And once it was my husband's turn, he explained the price difference between what he had seen online with the same model they had
The manager also looked like he wasn't having a good day, didn't even smile or acknowledge
The waiter recommended a Spanish desert he said was really moist
 Kate and Sawyer stay at the second triangulation point , while Sayid goes to the third . After learning of Jack 's situation from Sawyer , Kate goes to help , leaving the job of turning on the signal to Sawyer . Charlie <unk> through an opening at the cave and finds Jack , but while doing so , the opening collapses and traps Charlie and Jack inside . Charlie <unk> <unk> Jack 's shoulder back into place at Jack 's request . Jack correctly <unk> that Charlie is suffering from withdrawal , and Charlie assures Jack he 's okay . Kate desperately tries to dig them out along with the other <unk> , while the two worry about losing oxygen . Charlie sees a moth which leads him to an opening and the pair dig out of the cave
My Father is
 Following his premature death , Innis ' significance increasingly deepened as scholars in several academic disciplines continued to build upon his writings . Marshall <unk> 's general media theory that proposes two sub @-@ theories were inspired by Innis . Douglas C. North expanded on of Innis ' " vent for surplus " theory of economic development by applying it to regional development in the United States and <unk>
Every time we are at Harris he is friendly, responsive, and knowledgeable about
 Barrow was hospitalized on July 7 , 1953 at the United Hospital of Port Chester , New York and died on December 15 , at the age of 85 , due to a <unk> . His body was kept at Campbell 's <unk> Home and
Bombshell report reveals new details about Trump's Oval Office meeting with Russians after he fired Comey
As a result of the conviction, Theresa May ordered his deportation, arguing he had not qualified for permanent right
 On March 9 , 2010 , it was reported that Nathan had a tear in his ulnar collateral ligament . On March 21 , after attempting to pitch without having surgery , Nathan decided to undergo Tommy John surgery , missing the entire 2010
 Cobain chose not to <unk> a harmony vocal part during the Smart Studios sessions , possibly due to time constraints . During the Nevermind sessions , Vig had Grohl sing harmonies on the song . Grohl had difficulty hitting the proper notes , but ultimately was able to sing what Vig wanted . Vig often had to trick Cobain , who was <unk> to performing multiple takes , into recording additional takes for overdubs on the record . The producer convinced Cobain to double @-@ track his vocals on " In Bloom " by telling him , " John Lennon did it . " After doubling Cobain 's vocals , Vig decided he might as well double Grohl 's and had the drummer record an additional track of backing harmonies . 
Alfonso - who won the Golden Globe gong for best director for his film Gravity - is one of the producers of Desierto, while leading man Gael is
He is a musician who's lived all over the US and the world---Europe and the Middle East.
He was easy going and cut my hair exactly how I
 Oshii based the setting for Ghost in the Shell on Hong Kong . Oshii commented that his first thought to find an image of the future setting was an Asian city , but finding a suitable <unk> of the future would be impossible . Oshii chose to use the real streets of Hong Kong as his model . He also said that Hong Kong was the perfect subject and theme for the film with its countless signs and the <unk> of sounds . The film 's <unk> designer <unk> <unk> noted that while the film does not have a chosen setting , it is
He told me what it was (we laughed and he gave
The king crab with
He leaves, never to
 Much of Hornung 's work fell out of favour as time passed ; Rowland observed that " all of Hornung 's other works have been forgotten , with the possible exception of Stingaree , but the cricketing Cracksman continues to <unk> " . The idea of a criminal as a positive character was one of Hornung 's legacies , and Twentieth @-@ Century Literary Criticism states that " critics have also interpreted Raffles as a prototype of the <unk> in modern crime fiction " . The academic Frank <unk> Chandler , describing Raffles 's death , writes that " all his creator 's attempts to portray him as a hero , rather than an anti @-@ hero , <unk> fail . " Valentine highlights one aspect of the stories was the mix of " <unk> and daring " demonstrated by Raffles ; in this respect he was a literary " forerunner of The Saint ,
He said: We didn't need to fill in
 Mosley returned to motorsport in 1986 , with the support of Ecclestone and Balestre , to become president of the FISA Manufacturers ' Commission , the successor to the Bureau Internationale de <unk> d 'Automobile . That same year , he established Simtek Research , a racing technical consultancy firm , with Nick Wirth , a former March employee . He sold his share of Simtek in 1991 , when elected president of the FISA . According to Lovell , in 1987 Mosley suggested to Balestre that he could deal with his problems with Ecclestone by " <unk> [ ing ] him a member of the
Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here.  What if the
Im just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity
He had a sense of humor (which is almost never seen in a waiter) and attentive but
Dad
I'm thinking, I've spent a ton of money, I'm a good customer, why do I have to deal with some jerk who was talking condescending to me and treating me like I was an idiot, when he was the one who didn't have
So they listened carefully as he said a formal alliance was about to be signed that would lead to the takeover of Mosul, the biggest
 The sculpture rests atop a grey granite base that is 6 @.@ 33 feet ( 1 @.@ 93 m ) tall , 3 @.@ 166 feet ( 0 @.@ 965 m ) wide and 3 @.@ 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 1 m ) deep . The corners of the base have small leaf designed and has 2 feet ( 0 @.@ 61 m ) by 2 @.@ 66 feet ( 0 @.@ 81 m ) bronze reliefs with arched tops on each side . The front relief states that it was erected in the memory of the citizens of East Providence who served in World War I from 1917 to 1918 , and lists the names of twenty three soldiers . The left relief depicts a marching infantry column of one man on horseback and four on foot , the right relief depicts four or five men loading a cannon and the rear relief depicts a nurse
Umm, he said he thought I was
When the tow truck arrived (ABC Towing), the guy talked me into going a
"Easily the best bento I've ever had" to quote him
 According to Captain Robert Montgomery ( Royal Engineers , attached to <unk> Commando ) , Campbeltown was meant to have detonated at 4 : <unk> , the delay caused , he believes , by some of the acid in the pencil fuses being <unk> away . As the morning progressed , more and more captured comrades joined him in the German HQ . 
The customer service was okay and the guy at the front desk seemed to be in too much of a hurry to answer my questions
 In 2007 , after a highly publicized feud between Finkelstein and an academic opponent , Alan Dershowitz , Finkelstein 's tenure bid at DePaul was denied . Finkelstein was placed on administrative leave for the 2007 – 2008 academic year , and on September 5 , 2007 , he announced his resignation after coming to a settlement with
 Hornung finished his work with the YMCA and returned to England probably in early 1919 , according to Rowland . He worked on a new
The restaurant is tucked back so it's not right there in your face on king but once you get in you feel like you are in a hideaway
 Some scholars have suggested that <unk> used the term Allah in addressing both pagan Arabs and Jews or Christians in order to establish a common ground for the understanding of the name for God , a claim <unk> <unk> says is doubtful . According to <unk> , in contrast with pre @-@ Islamic Arabian polytheism , God in Islam does not have associates and companions , nor is there any kinship between God and <unk> . Pre @-@ Islamic pagan Arabs believed in a blind , powerful , <unk> and <unk> fate over which man had no control . This was replaced with the Islamic notion
 March was more successful in selling large numbers of customer cars in the lower formulae . Mosley organised extensive test sessions for the 1971 cars for journalists and drivers , and arranged a successful scheme for drivers to rent cars and engines for the season , rather than buying them outright . <unk> money on a deal to supply <unk> <unk> , then motorsport manager at Ford , with a Formula Two car paid off when <unk> moved to BMW and offered March an exclusive deal in 1972 to use BMW 's Formula Two engine . March cars powered by BMW engines won five of the next 11 European Formula Two championships . However , BMW also put pressure on Herd to concentrate on the Formula Two programme . As a result , he spent less time with the Formula One team
 Cullen appeared in four of the Lightning 's first eight games , but it was evident that he had lost much of his speed
It's a shame because he does
 Wever spent 1984 with Fort Lauderdale , where he went 1 – 3 in seven games . After the seven games , he visited Dr. James Andrews , who diagnosed the <unk> he suffered two years earlier as a torn rotator cuff and torn <unk> ; it explained why he had been throwing 85 mph since the injury , compared to 95 mph beforehand . He had surgery shortly afterward , and spent the rest of the year <unk> the injury . He attempted a comeback in 1985 with the Albany @-@ <unk> Yankees , and had a 4 @.@ 91 ERA in five games with the team . In June , having continued to pitch through shoulder pain , Wever retired from baseball and ended his professional career . 
Got a great buy and the install by Jeremy and his assistant went super easily.
 U.S. News & World Report describes the fountain as an exemplary feature of the city 's numerous urban parks . Chicago Tribune architecture critic Blair <unk> , who is pleased with the sculptures ' <unk> , says the fountain helps appropriately depict the modern 21st @-@ century urban park . The Chicago Sun @-@ Times describes the fountain as " eye @-@ catching , crowd @-@ friendly ... high @-@ tech [ and ] ... contemporary " . The New York Times calls the fountain an " extraordinary art object " . <unk> 's describes the fountain as public art at its best . The beauty of the fountain is , as the San Francisco Chronicle explains , that it is high @-@ concept art for all to enjoy . The Financial Times refers to the fountain as a " <unk> @-@ fountain " . The fountain is praised for its technical features by industry magazines and has won various awards . The project won the 2006 Bombay <unk> prize for its design work with glass . Critical reviews were not unanimous in their praise . One Chicago Tribune critic was not impressed with <unk> @-@ like art , although he conceded the <unk> element reminded him in a positive way of the jungle gym element of the Chicago
 One of the Abusir papyri was found to be dated to the " Year of the 22nd Count , IV <unk> day 12 " , constituting Djedkare 's latest known date . This date might correspond to any time from the 32nd year of Djedkare 's reign up to his 44th year on the throne , depending on whether the cattle count was once every two years or once every year and a half . The higher estimate is close to <unk> 's 44 @-@ year figure credited to Tancherês , the Hellenized name of Djedkare , although this may just be <unk> . Modern estimates thus put Djedkare 's reign length as certainly more than 33 years and , if the cattle count was regularly biennial , at least 42 to 44 years . This makes Djedkare the longest reigning king of the Fifth Dynasty
 In 1967 Olivier was caught in the middle of a confrontation between Chandos and Tynan over the latter 's proposal to stage Rolf <unk> 's Soldiers . As the play <unk> depicted Churchill as <unk> in the assassination of the Polish prime minister Władysław <unk> , Chandos regarded it as <unk> . At his urging the board unanimously vetoed the production . Tynan considered resigning over this interference with the management 's artistic freedom , but Olivier himself stayed firmly in place , and Tynan also remained . At about this time Olivier began a long struggle against a succession of illnesses . He was treated for prostate cancer and , during rehearsals for his production of <unk> 's Three Sisters he was hospitalised with pneumonia . He recovered enough to take the heavy role of Edgar in <unk> 's The Dance of Death , the finest of all his performances other than in Shakespeare , in Gielgud
Some guy who was a minute late
 Charles Eaton , OBE , AFC ( 21 December 1895 – 12 November 1979 ) was a senior officer and <unk> in the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) , who later served as a diplomat . Born in London , he joined the British Army upon the outbreak of World War I and saw action on the Western Front before transferring to the Royal Flying Corps in 1917 . <unk> as a bomber pilot to No. 206 Squadron , he was twice captured by German forces , and twice escaped . Eaton left the military in 1920 and worked in India until moving to Australia in 1923 . Two years later he joined the RAAF , serving initially as an instructor at No. 1 Flying Training School . Between 1929 and 1931 , he was chosen to lead three expeditions to search for lost aircraft in Central Australia , gaining national attention and earning the Air Force Cross for his " zeal and devotion to duty
This morning Tory MP Dominic Raab said that despite the jury finding that he was lawfully killed,
He will work with
They were also welcoming to my dog, even have a doggie pool in the dog park where he could cool off!
Roger Mooking proves his genius as
Ordered wings, never came, he said
It was a few thousand higher than I had figured based on the incentives and I told him that I've already gotten better pricing in writing
He seems to truly love what he does and you can see that in his amazing attention to
I went with my friend because it is where he goes.
He tried to say that the problem was our
 From the early 1980s , Khoo tried to pursue a Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) degree from various universities , but all of them rejected his application as he did not possess a first degree for admission . Khoo only had two professional <unk> – a <unk> in Administrative Management and a <unk> <unk> in <unk> and Finance from <unk> . He finally received an unconditional offer from the University of <unk> after he impressed the visiting Director of the MBA programme showing how he managed the award @-@ winning shopping mall . In 1989 , accompanied by his wife , he left Malaysia to pursue his MBA studies in Scotland and graduated with <unk> in 1991 . Instead of returning to
If thats your thing then hey to each his own.
10540	... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet
Costa ignored their claims, as did del Bosque, who picked him in a friendly
 The novel examines the dictatorial regime of Rafael <unk> Trujillo Molina in the Dominican Republic . Trujillo was , in historian Eric <unk> 's words , " a towering influence in Dominican and Caribbean history " who presided over " one of the most durable regimes of the twentieth century " during the thirty @-@ one years between his seizure of power in 1930 and his assassination in 1961 . Trujillo had trained with the United States Marine Corps during the United States occupation of the island , and graduated from the <unk> Military Academy in 1921 . After the U.S. departed in 1924 , he became head of the Dominican National Police which , under his
He said something in Vietnamese
He arrived on time, often early, every time he was scheduled to come
 The poem described the heroic past of Lithuania and <unk> its people to care for the land , care for humanity , and live in honor . Kudirka also urged the country to become a source of enlightenment and virtue . Without a melody , Kudirka took the time to compose the music just before dying of tuberculosis . Both the melody and the lyrics were printed in Varpas in September 1898 . Upon his death in 1899 , Kudirka 's tomb was engraved with the
 King Charles II renamed the land west of the Hudson River New Jersey and gave the region between New England and Maryland to his brother , the Duke of York ( later King James II of England ) as a proprietary colony . James II later granted the land between the Hudson River and the Delaware River to two friends who had been loyal to him through the English Civil War : Sir George <unk> and Lord
 On 21 June 1985 , the 737 @-@ 200 LN @-@ <unk> <unk> <unk> , with 121 passengers en route from Trondheim to Oslo , was <unk> by the 24 @-@ year @-@ old Stein <unk> <unk> . He had threatened a flight attendant with an air gun . He demanded to talk to Prime Minister <unk> <unk> and Minister of Justice Mona <unk> and a press conference to make a political statement . His demands were not met , and he surrendered while the plane
Joe Scarborough announces he is
 Cyrus first read the script for Hannah Montana : The Movie while in Malibu in early 2008 . The film 's plot features the <unk> leaving Hollywood for a summer and returning to Tennessee , their home state , to <unk> with their southern roots . Having grown up in Kentucky , Cyrus was excited to learn the film would be set in the country and fought for it to be filmed on location . " They were gonna film it in a different state [ but ] I just knew that Tennessee had all the facilities , the man power , and the ability to make this film great , " said Cyrus . In addition , Cyrus believed that " in real life , Miley and [ he ] needed to come back
 The biography takes a pictorial format , and includes many photographs of Van Morrison and scenes relating to his life , including close @-@ up shots and contact prints . Turner discusses Van Morrison 's youth in Belfast , Northern Ireland , and how early experiences shaped his perceptions . <unk> John Payne was interviewed for the book , and comments on his work with Van Morrison on the album <unk> Weeks . Turner discusses Van Morrison 's reluctance to be interviewed or engage with the public , and includes quotes from the musician about this desire for privacy . The author discusses Van Morrison 's efforts to seek out creativity , and his exploration of spirituality . The book concludes with an assessment of Van Morrison 's experiences
 Cricket was one of Hornung 's lifelong <unk> , and he was delighted to become a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1907 . The sport also permeated his stories , with Raffles playing for the Gentlemen of England . Rance
The players have always known he is a top player and if they can get the best out of him everyone will benefit
 The see of Canterbury was vacant for two years after the death of Theodore before Berhtwald was elected to the office on 1 July 692 . The long vacancy resulted from the disturbed conditions in the kingdom of Kent at the time , as various kings fought for control . The succession to the kingdom was disputed between rival claimants <unk> and Wihtred , and various outside kings , including <unk> and <unk> raided and plundered Kent . Eventually , Wihtred secured the throne , around 691 or early 692 , as Bede names Wihtred as King of Kent , along with <unk> , at the time of Berhtwald 's election . <unk> , however , is not named as king of Kent after
 One of the largest groups of surviving works of art are the seal matrices that appear to have entered Scottish usage with <unk> in the reign of David I , beginning at the royal court and among his Anglo @-@ Norman vassals and then by about 1250 they began to spread to the <unk> areas of the country . They would be made compulsory for barons of the king in a statute of <unk> and seal matrices show very high standards of skill and <unk> . Examples of items that were probably the work of continental artists include the delicate hanging lamp in St. John 's Kirk in Perth , the vestments and <unk> in <unk> and the
He's also a fan of the vegan cheese and dirty sauce since dairy doesn't agree with him either.
4000	Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is
He even
 Soon after , Lalor 's company had been forced back to The Nek and the Turks were threatening to recapture Russell 's Top , and at 10 : 15 Maclagen reported to Bridges his doubts over being able to hold out .
 Marvin Minsky asks " So the question is why didn 't we get HAL in 2001 ? " Minsky believes that the answer is that the central problems , like commonsense reasoning , were being neglected , while most researchers pursued things like commercial applications of neural nets or genetic algorithms . John McCarthy , on the other hand , still blames the qualification problem . For Ray <unk> , the issue is computer power and , using Moore 's Law , he predicts that machines with human @-@ level intelligence will appear by <unk> . Jeff Hawkins argues that neural net research ignores the essential properties of the human cortex , preferring simple models that have been successful at solving simple problems . There
After reviewing several reviews we decided to go to dinner at Gallaghers Steakhouse and boy were we
Earlier the court heard extracts from police interviews with Mr Clifford when he was first questioned after his arrest in December 2012.
 Liu Kang was originally going to be a Japanese character called <unk> <unk> , but Mortal Kombat co @-@ creator and character designer John Tobias stated that the staff could not " deal with the name . " According to Tobias , Liu Kang " was originally going to be a traditional monk – bald and in robes – but he wound up resembling Bruce Lee . " As stated on his Mortal Kombat : Armageddon bio card , Ed Boon mentioned that Liu Kang was designed to be the most easily " accessible " character , meaning that both casual and experienced gamers could play as him with little difficulty . According to Tobias , Liu Kang was purposely the only character that voiced his finishing move in the original game , and was " the best " in the first sequel . Liu Kang was the only character in the first game whose finishing move ( Fatality ) did not explicitly murder his opponent , and also without the background dimming . This was because Liu Kang was depicted <unk> as a Shaolin monk , who in general have strict beliefs regarding killing and murder . However , starting with Mortal Kombat II
 Soon after the success of Kedok Ketawa , <unk> joined Union Films and wrote four films for the company . These were not directed by Jo An Djan , who left Union for the competitor <unk> 's Film , but by the newly hired R Hu and <unk> <unk> . Union Film ultimately produced a total of seven films in 1940 and 1941 before being closed following the Japanese invasion in early 1942 . Of the film 's main cast , only Fatimah and Oedjang are recorded as continuing their acting career , both appearing in several further Union productions . However , in the 1950s Resobowo continued his career behind the screen , serving as art director of such
He has a fantastic bedside
He invariably tried to use his celebrity to bring attention and contributions to the causes that moved him, or to the traditional songs he
7920	What happens to John Q
 In Behavior in Public Places ( 1963 ) , Goffman again focuses on everyday public interactions . He draws distinctions between several types of public gatherings ( " gatherings "
Rodgers expressed frustration at Liverpool's loss of target Mohamed Salah to Chelsea, but offered a different interpretation to his managing director Ian Ayre as to why the
Just ask them and they will bring it out for you and if you ever have a problem talk to the sweet man who owns the
 Gerard ( died 21 May 1108 ) was Archbishop of York between 1100 and 1108 and Lord Chancellor of England from <unk> until <unk> . A Norman , he was a member of the cathedral clergy at Rouen before becoming a royal clerk under King William I of England and subsequently his son King William II Rufus . Gerard was appointed Lord Chancellor by William I , and he continued in that office under Rufus , who rewarded him with the Bishopric of Hereford in 1096 . Gerard may have been with the king 's hunting party when William II was killed , as he is known to have witnessed the first charter issued by the new king , Henry I of England
 King has since been critical of his performance , which he describes as his " most lackluster . " King attributes this to the fact he had recently married , and moved to Phoenix , Arizona . Describing himself as " probably the odd man out at that point " , he admitted he " didn ’ t participate as much because of that . " Hanneman said : " We go through
This means a lot coming from his
He had the blackened Ribeye and loved
Dr. Peterson and his staff
"[Tucson, AZ] My husband accidentally gave me a big bruise on my face. An over-zealous coworker is convinced I’m being abused and talked about contacting police. Assuming he does, how big of a deal would it be
 In the house journal of the American Council on Foreign Relations , Foreign Affairs , William B. <unk> , the Edward <unk> professor of Politics at the University of Virginia and authority on Middle Eastern politics , later described Finkelstein 's critique of From Time Immemorial as a " landmark essay " and a " victory to his credit " , in its " demonstration " of the " <unk> scholarship " of Peters ' book . Israeli historian Avi Shlaim later praised Finkelstein 's thesis , saying that it had established his credentials when he was still a doctoral student . In Shlaim 's view ,
977	Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his
 Later in August , Tropical Storm Christine became the easternmost forming tropical cyclone on record when it developed formed over Guinea . The most intense storm of the season was Hurricane Ellen , a Category 3 cyclone that remained over open water . The final named storm was <unk> significant in that it became the first recorded tropical cyclone to transition into a subtropical cyclone . No names were retired during the season ; however , due to the addition of male names into the list of Atlantic hurricane names in 1979 , several of the names were removed and have
He didn't like that it had corn grilled in with the veggies but he will know for next time to tell them to leave that off.
He was crazy
Dave is very fun and easy to work with, and he
My brother also went there for a fractured ankle, after his surgery procedure and after many follow up visits, the doctor also recommended orthotics to him as well.
He arranged to exchange the new fridge for an LG refrigerator of even better quality at the same
The Manager- the main staff member that's suppose to set an example (I wanted to talk to him about the rudeness of his staff), when I over heard him yelling at the cashier (who went to retrieve him for me) stating their in a staff meeting and
 According to jazz writer Francis Davis , " a modest commercial breakthrough seemed imminent " for Coleman , who appeared to be regaining his celebrity . German <unk> Peter <unk> Wilson said the album may have been the most <unk> and commercial @-@ sounding of his career at that point . The album 's clean mix and relatively short tracks were interpreted as an attempt for radio airplay by Mandel , who described its production as " the surface consistency that would put it in the pop sphere " . Of Human Feelings had no success on the American pop charts , only charting on the Top Jazz Albums , where it spent 26 weeks and peaked at number 15 . Because the record offered a middle ground between funk and jazz , McRae argued that it consequently appealed to neither demographic of listeners . Sound & Vision critic Brent <unk> speculated that it was overlooked because it had electric instruments , rock and funk drumming , and did not conform to what he
He then was irritated when I asked him for
Super nice guy who likes to chat and appreciates a
As a male
 Further discussion on altering the law took place in 1899 , when several prominent cricketers supported an amendment similar to the 1888 proposal : the batsman would be out if the ball would have hit the wicket , where it pitched was irrelevant . At a Special General Meeting of the MCC in 1902 , Alfred <unk> formally proposed this amendment ; the motion was supported by 259 votes to 188 , but failed to secure the two @-@ thirds majority required to change the laws . A. G. Steel was the principal opponent of the change , as he believed it would make the task of the umpires too difficult , but he later regretted his stance . <unk> 's brother , Robert , supported the alteration and campaigned for the rest of his life to have the lbw law altered . As evidence that pad @-@ play was increasing and needed to be curtailed , he cited the growing number of wickets which were falling lbw : the proportion rose from 2 % of dismissals in 1870 to 6 % in 1890 , and 12 % in 1923 . In 1902 , the proposed new law was tried in the Minor Counties Championship , but deemed
 The origin of the family is <unk> , while the king himself appears to be of mixed <unk> and Arab descent ; his name is Arabic , while the names of his ancestors ( father Hairan and great grandfather Nasor ) are Aramaic . Zosimus asserted that Odaenathus descended from " illustrious forebears " , but the position of the family in Palmyra is debated ; it was probably part of the wealthy <unk> class . Alternatively , the family could have belonged to the tribal leadership who amassed a fortune as landowners and patrons of the Palmyrene <unk> . In Dura @-@ Europos , a relief dated to 159 was commissioned by Hairan son of <unk> son of Nasor ; this Hairan might have been the head of the Palmyrene trade colony in Dura @-@ Europos and probably belonged to the same family of Odaenathus . " Nasor
6810	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base
Later, he came over and talked to us about travel... Long story short,
I'm sure (or hope) he teaches his staff restaurant cleanliness.
 Blabbermouth.net reported in September 2008 that Alice in Chains would enter the studio that October to begin recording a new album for a summer 2009 release . In October 2008 , Alice in Chains began recording its fourth studio album at the Foo Fighters ' Studio <unk> in Los Angeles with producer Nick <unk> . At the Revolver Golden God Awards , Jerry Cantrell said that the group had finished recording in March 2009 and were mixing the album for a September release . In April 2009 , it was reported that the new Alice in Chains album would be released by Virgin / EMI , making it the band 's first label change in its 20 @-@ plus year career . On June 11 , 2009 , Blabbermouth.net reported that the new album would be titled Black Gives Way to Blue and was officially set to be released on September 29 , 2009 . On June 30 , 2009 , the song " A Looking in View " was released as the first single from the album . It was made available for a limited time as a free download through the official Alice in Chains website in early July . The music video for the song debuted via the official website on July 7 , 2009 . The second single , " Check My Brain " , was released to radio stations on August 14 , 2009 and was made available for purchase on August 17 , 2009 . In addition , it was announced that Elton John appears on the album 's title track .
When I called back in the other guy was rude and had no idea how to seal with it and said a manager would have to call me after 3:00 because they did not know
My brother did give a positive shout-out to the guys PODS sent out to empty out his home in Minneapolis and load the
 On a normal afternoon , Marge wants Homer , Bart , Lisa , and Maggie to go for a walk . They agree when faced with the threat of having to talk to each other , and arrive at a Fortune Megastore , a venture of wealthy Arthur Fortune ( modelled on British entrepreneur Richard Branson ) . Fortune easily charms the crowd and hands out dollar bills to his customers . This <unk> the unpopular Mr. Burns , who asks Homer to help him be
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
 Dylan 's lyrics began to receive detailed scrutiny from academics and poets . Literary critic Christopher Ricks published a 500 @-@ page analysis of Dylan 's work , placing him in the context of Eliot , Keats and Tennyson , claiming that Dylan was a poet worthy of the same close analysis . Former British poet laureate Sir Andrew Motion argued that his lyrics should be studied in schools
I had told him that I would be playing poker later that evening and he recommended that I take a nap when I returned to my hotel.
That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
Chef Shawn is a great guy and I
2763	Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .
His prices are
He quickly diagnosed the problem,
I assumed he was letting us back in.
I went to sign the papers and I noticed that the crafty finance guy added 6 payments to the 72 months that I had
Two years later his British cousin Action Man was unveiled, made under licence by Palitoy.
"Sued my biological father, awarded a large sum. Attempt to collect or sell the judgement? He ran away to Texas where
They then hooked some kind of electrodes to 6 of them (I was lying face down and couldn't see what he was doing) and sent weak electrical pulses through them.
The guy comes out with a 450$ list of items, and also told me that I had not had my brakes done in over a year.
 Tennyson 's character , however , is not the lover of public affairs seen in Homer 's poems . Rather , " Ulisse " from Dante 's Inferno is Tennyson 's main source for the character , which has an important effect on the poem 's interpretation . Ulisse recalls his voyage in the Inferno 's 26th
I told the manager that I was completely dissatisfied with the job that was done, he refused to give
 John then went to France , although Philip II was annoyed at being excluded from the decision of Isabella 's marriage . Matilda I , Countess of <unk> , Erard II of <unk> , Albert , Abbot of <unk> and other local <unk> asked John to intervene in their conflicts , indicating that he was esteemed in his homeland . John attended the funeral of Philip II at the Basilica of
As it happened, I was driving by his office and decided to just stop in and
Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential
6860	Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed
He said he
 Following the tour , Alice in Chains entered the studio to record demos for its next album , but ended up recording five acoustic songs instead . While in the studio , drummer Sean Kinney had a dream about " making an EP called Sap " . The band decided " not to mess with fate " , and on March 21 , 1992 , Alice in Chains released their second EP , Sap . The EP was released while Nirvana 's Nevermind was at the top of the Billboard 200 charts , resulting in a rising popularity of Seattle @-@ based bands , and of the term " grunge music " . Sap was certified gold within two weeks . The EP features guest vocals by Ann Wilson from the band Heart , who joined Staley and Cantrell for the choruses of " Brother " , " Am I Inside " , and " Love Song " . The EP also features Mark Arm of <unk> and Chris
At times he showed a frightening lack of respect for his club shirt
He is survived by two sons and his
 George <unk> , an Afro @-@ Polish @-@ born virtuoso violinist , made his debut at the Assembly Rooms in 1789 . Another young violinist , Thomas <unk> the younger , played a series of concerts between 1771 and 1776 . Many of the concerts during the late
 Brandon Ricardo Minor ( born July 24 , 1988 ) is a former American football running back . He was signed by the Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2010 , but after being released during the final cuts , he has been on the New Orleans Saints and Indianapolis Colts practice squads in 2010 . He played college
He asked the gentleman next to me if his food tastes good but
 Since airing , the episode has received positive reviews from fans and television critics . In a DVD review of the sixth season , Ryan Keefer said " all the Australian jabs you expect to have here are present . Bart 's international incident is hilarious , from top to bottom . The phone calls he makes to other countries ( particularly Buenos Aires ) are fantastic . This is one of the more under appreciated episodes in the
 Hornung knew Doyle 's sister , Constance ( " Connie " ) <unk> Monica Doyle ( 1868 – 1924 ) , whom he had met when he visited Portugal . Connie was described by Doyle 's biographer , Andrew <unk> , as being attractive , " with pre @-@ <unk> looks ... the most sought @-@ after of the Doyle daughters " . By December 1892 , when Hornung , Doyle and Jerome visited the Black Museum at Scotland Yard , Hornung and Connie were engaged , and in 1893 Hornung dedicated his second novel , Tiny <unk> , " to <unk> " They were married on 27 September 1893 , although Doyle was not
He gave us a taste of two different wines when we were trying to decide on a bottle.
I introduced the boyfriend to dim sum here, and I'm really glad it was here instead of the unmentionable higher ranked - he loved it with his first bite!
 English ornithologist John Latham described the noisy miner four times in his 1801 work <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> , seemingly not knowing it was the same bird in each case : the chattering bee @-@ eater ( Merops <unk> ) , black @-@ headed <unk> ( <unk> melanocephala ) , hooded bee @-@ eater ( Merops <unk> ) , and white @-@ fronted bee @-@ eater ( Merops <unk> ) . Early notes recorded its tendency to scare off prey as hunters were about to shoot . It was as the chattering bee @-@ eater that it was painted between 1792 and 1797 by Thomas <unk> , one of a group known collectively as the Port Jackson Painter . John Gould treated the name Merops <unk> as the original description , and renamed it <unk> <unk> in his 1865 work <unk> to the Birds of Australia , giving it the common name of garrulous honeyeater , and noting the alternate name of chattering honeyeater . He noted the colonists of Tasmania called it a miner , and aboriginal people of New South Wales
 A resurgence of both economy and rugby union followed in the 1930s and , in 1931 , Wales won their first championship for nine years . That year , for the first time since the First World War , Wales retained the same side for two consecutive Tests when they faced England and Scotland . Then , in 1933 , captained by <unk> Thomas , Wales defeated England at Twickenham . In 1935 , Wales beat the touring All Blacks by 13 – 12 , with Haydn <unk> making his first appearance . Although the Five Nations Championship was suspended during the Second World War Wales
 Briggs was nominated to run for the governorship on the Whig ticket against the incumbent Democrat Marcus Morton in 1843 . Former Governor John Davis had been nominated first , but refused the nomination , possibly because Daniel Webster promised him party support for a future vice presidential bid . Briggs was apparently recommended as a compromise candidate acceptable to different factions within the party ( one controlled by Webster , the other by Abbott Lawrence ) . He was also probably chosen to appeal more directly to the state 's rural voters , a constituency that normally supported Morton . The abolitionist Liberty Party also fielded a candidate , with the result that none of the candidates won the needed majority . The legislature decided the election in those cases ; with a Whig majority there , Briggs ' election was assured . Briggs was reelected annually until 1850 against a succession of Democratic opponents . He won popular <unk> until the 1849 election , even though third parties ( including the Liberty
Good boy brought you a
 The Jackson 5 began their career performing at talent contests , which they would often win . During a performance at <unk> Junior High in Gary , Indiana , the group were brought to the attention of Gordon Keith — a singer , record producer , and a founder @-@ owner of Steeltown Records , a company also located in Gary . Keith , Steeltown Records President in 1967 , signed " The Jackson Five " to a limited record deal with him only in November of that year , producing and and releasing " Big Boy
Yknow, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one
If he fancied the idea, then, yes, we'd
By the way, he dumped me tonight after he
Try the Huevos Rancheros, or items from the Skinny Menu, or his Home
 Ælfric 's brother , <unk> , succeeded him as Abbot of St Albans when he became bishop . Between 991 and <unk> , Ælfric rose to the Bishopric of Ramsbury , and possibly continued to hold office of abbot of St Albans while bishop . In 995 he was elevated to the see of Canterbury . He was translated , or moved with appropriate ecclesiastical ceremony , to Canterbury on 21 April 995 at a <unk> held at <unk> . Here he received the permission of " King Æthelred and all the <unk> " to be elevated to Canterbury . Ælfric continued to hold Ramsbury along with Canterbury until his death . The story that his brother was chosen first for Canterbury but refused , stems from confusion on the part of Matthew of Paris
 Hamels entered the 2007 season having done significant work in the weight room in the offseason and at spring training . His tenacity came to fruition when , on April 21 , 2007 , Hamels pitched his first major league complete game , allowing one run on five hits and two walks while setting a career high with 15 strikeouts . Just three days before , the Phillies moved their opening day starter Brett Myers to the bullpen to be the closer , making Hamels the team 's number one starter . On May 16 , he carried
817	Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his
I hope he doesn't bill insurance like this, to me it feels highly suspicious .
He knows I'm doing it for the right reasons and he
I was driving down Hurontario and saw it and thought about his email and figured
5401	That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and
Love our Sales man Rick Muller!
 In the late 1970s , Dylan became a born again Christian and released two albums of contemporary gospel music . Slow Train Coming ( 1979 ) featured the guitar accompaniment of Mark <unk> ( of Dire Straits ) and was produced by veteran R & B producer Jerry <unk> . <unk> said that Dylan had tried to <unk> him during the recording . He replied : " Bob , you 're dealing with a 62 @-@ year @-@ old Jewish <unk> . Let 's just make an album . " Dylan won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for the song " Gotta Serve Somebody " . His second Christian @-@ themed album , Saved ( 1980 ) , received mixed reviews , described by Michael Gray as " the nearest thing to a follow @-@ up album Dylan has ever made , Slow Train Coming II and inferior " When touring in late 1979 and early 1980 , Dylan would not play his older , secular works , and he delivered declarations of his faith from the stage , such as : 
I even got Baldie to try it and he doesn't do fish in a bar and he loved it!
He said there was a live debate about whether to extend the public interest
And he didn't know who told me that the sale was for automatic---I had already told him
The flowers were delivered a little bit late in the day for my liking (luckily they arrived just before he left work for the day), but to be fair I had not spoken
I never thought we could see these levels of normality from Cipriani; never thought he could play
 Taylor summoned Khánh to his office , but the Vietnamese leader sent Thi , Kỳ , Thiệu and Admiral Chung Tấn Cang , the commander of the Republic of Vietnam Navy , instead . Taylor asked the four to sit down and then said " Do all of you understand English ? " The ambassador then angrily denounced the officers . According to Stanley Karnow , Taylor " launched into a <unk> , scolding them as if he were still superintendent of West Point and they a group of cadets caught cheating " . He said " I told you all clearly at General Westmoreland 's dinner we Americans were tired of coups . Apparently I wasted my words . " He decried the removal of the HNC as " totally illegal " , and said
5058	Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms
His defence agent Jim Lafferty told the court his client remember nothing about the attack and had
This place is a hidden gem...I went on On a Friday night and although my boyfriend was questionable about it he still was up for
 The canals proposed by Wright were unsuccessful in making the lands south of Lake Okeechobee fulfill the promises made by real estate developers to local farmers . The winter of 1922 was <unk> wet and the region was underwater . The town of Moore Haven received 46 inches ( 1 @,@ 200 mm ) of rain in six weeks in 1924 . Engineers were pressured to regulate the water flow , not only for farmers but also for commercial fishers , who often requested conflicting water levels in the lake . Fred Elliot , who was in charge of building the canals after James Wright retired , commented : " A man on one side of the canal wants it raised for his particular use and
 In 1613 , the King commissioned Calvert to investigate Roman Catholic grievances in Ireland , along with Sir Humphrey <unk> , ( 1555 @-@ 1625 ) , Sir Charles Cornwallis , ( XXX ? <unk> ) and Sir Roger <unk> , ( 1553 @-@ 1616 ) . The commission spent almost four months in Ireland , and its final report , partly drafted by Calvert , concluded that religious conformity should be enforced more strictly in Ireland , Catholic schools be suppressed , and bad priests removed and punished . The King resolved not to <unk> the Parliament of Ireland until the Catholics " shall be better disciplined " . In 1616 , James endowed Calvert with the manor of <unk> <unk> in Yorkshire , which brought him into contact with Sir Thomas Wentworth , 1st Earl of <unk> , ( 1593 @-@ 1641 ) , who became his closest friend and political ally . Calvert was now wealthy enough to buy the " Kiplin Hall " estate in his home parish . ( Today , the University of Maryland operates a research centre there , while the main building is a house museum owned by the Kiplin Hall Trust . ) in his home parish ; and in 1617 , his social status received a further boost when he was knighted , then becoming " Sir George Calvert " . 
He tailored the workout for me, since it was my first time and
 In 1969 , after two large accidents due to <unk> on his Lotus car , Mosley decided that " it was evident that I wasn 't going to be World Champion " and retired from driving . He was already working with Robin Herd , Alan Rees and Graham <unk> to establish the racing car manufacturer March Engineering where he handled legal and commercial matters . The name March is an acronym based on the initials of the founders ; the ' M ' stands for Mosley . Like the other founders , Mosley put in £ 2 @,@ 500 of capital . His father told him that the company " would certainly go bankrupt , but it would be good training for something serious later on . " 
My son thinks ALL bacon is good, no matter how its cooked, and he wouldn't touch it after one bite.
 At the time of the discovery of the body , Gordon and his third wife , Jenny , were on a cycling holiday in France . They heard news of the discovery of the body , and are said to have seen footage of the police searching their house . On 24 August , they arrived home , and Gordon was arrested on suspicion of murder at <unk> the next morning . He was charged with the murder of Carol Park , and <unk> in Preston prison . However , after two weeks , his <unk> managed to persuade the court to grant him bail . On 6 January 1998 , the charges against Gordon were
Boyfriend is currently in Iraq visiting relatives. He became a citizen of the United States some short time back. He resides in Washington State. Will he have any problems coming
Habib gave him recommendations of where to buy a suit that weren't too overly expensive, but good
Never met a man with that
 On June 7 , 1911 , Madero entered Mexico City . In October 1911 he was elected president , under the banner of the <unk> <unk> <unk> , along with José María <unk> <unk> , his new running mate as vice @-@ president . Madero
 In his career , Goffman worked
Because of his honesty and the quality of work they do, I would
 The Marquess of Queensberry , the father of Wilde 's lover Lord Alfred Douglas ( who was on holiday in Algiers at the time ) , had planned to disrupt the play by throwing a bouquet of rotten vegetables at the playwright when he took his bow at the end of the show . Wilde and Alexander learned of the plan , and the latter cancelled Queensberry 's ticket and arranged for policemen to bar his entrance . Nevertheless , he continued harassing Wilde , who eventually launched a private prosecution against the peer for criminal libel , triggering a series of trials ending
6672	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him youre moving out?
He feels we had to kiss his a$$ just because we were hungry and he worked at this restaurant.
This man told Daniel that he had never seen this yelp offer and
 Zapata however refused to recognize the interim government of de la Barra , and for the time being the fighting in Morelos continued . Madero met with Zapata on several occasions during June . While initially Zapata trusted Madero , with time he became increasingly concerned that the goals of " his revolution " were not being fulfilled . He was particularly angry that Madero did not plan on carrying out any kind of agrarian reform , or the breakup of large <unk> . Additionally , the press in Mexico City
Mr Rees-Mogg was not available for comment yesterday but told his local newspaper -- in coded language any politician would be proud of -- that he was
When you arrive at the station, there is a guy who says that the trip
 The National Union of Journalists ( NUJ ) has criticised FITs for their surveillance and sometimes violent harassment of working journalists . Marc <unk> , who was hospitalised by police after documenting a protest , has said that the teams limit freedom of the press and called on the Home Office to confirm that the police had no right to restrict the work of <unk> . Bob Broadhurst , who is in charge of public order policing at the Metropolitan Police , said in a statement to the NUJ in 2008 that journalists , " on the production of a valid form of accreditation will be able to continue with their work " . The NUJ are to make a formal complaint to the Information Commissioner due to the Metropolitan Police failing to provide details on the surveillance of journalists under the Freedom of Information Act . Bob Broadhurst told photographers at an NUJ conference that he had no
Not that his work
6454	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny
1265	Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
Dmitry Seluk said: Yaya is so upset, he is thinking of leaving City.
We gave my son Tylenol 1 while waiting for his fever.
Frustrated by his actions and I rightfully tell him so.
The focus of his
"Sean Spicer's leak search of his staffers'
The less Hibbert does, the less he will play, which should open the paint for John Wall to penetrate and either score or dish to sharpshooting teammates Bradley
He also hosted BBQs  for the employees after the shop closed, while the previous owner did
The waiter brought our wine out right away even tough we asked him to
We eventually saw the waiter, at the back of the room talking on his cell phone.
I tell this balding older man I'm here for a pick
He is very knowledgeable and always takes the time to get to
And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he
The interior is nice and fiery, a visual representation of what he wants his food to be.
He said with takeout you won't spend extra on your
 The biographer of Chopin , Frederick <unk> , sought Alkan for his <unk> in 1880 but was <unk> denied access by Alkan 's concierge – " To my ... enquiry when he could be found at home , the reply was a ... decisive ' Never ' . " However , a few days later he found Alkan at Érard 's , and <unk> writes of their meeting
It is hard to find good service nowadays, and he kept it up all these
He asked us a few questions
2009	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
 During the <unk> and <unk> , The Three Fires Confederacy controlled much of the area known as the hub of the Great Lakes , which included the Canadian shore where Sarnia is now located . During this time , it maintained relations with many of the First Nations , including Huron , Sioux , and Iroquois , as well as the countries of Great Britain and France . In fact , their trading partners , the Huron , welcomed La Salle and the <unk> in 1679 after he sailed into Lake Huron . The Ontario Heritage Trust erected a sign under the
 Robert III granted Bur an annuity of £ 20 for the period of the bishop 's lifetime , and the Pope provided income from the Scottish Church during the following decade . In 1400 , Bur wrote to the Abbot of <unk> complaining that the abbot 's prebendary churches in the Moray diocese had not paid their <unk> towards the cathedral restoration . In the same year Bur wrote to the rector of <unk> church , telling him that he now owed three years ' <unk> of the subsidy that had been imposed on non @-@ prebendary churches in <unk> . Again , on 3 July 1402 , the burgh and cathedral precinct were attacked , this time by Alexander of Lochaber , brother of <unk> of Islay , Lord of the Isles ; he spared the cathedral but burned the manses . For this act , Lochaber and his captains were excommunicated , prompting Lochaber 's return in September to give
Peter Campsie, 48, was killed by two gunmen in Rio de Janeiro as he returned home to his family following a business meeting.
I told him that I'll think about it but he proceeded to tell me
He is likely
The aide shared information about Steyer's activities on the condition of anonymity because he will not publicly
My son had the
He was so engaging and even offered suggestions of which museums to check out because it was my bf's first time in Vegas.Hopefully we get to see him again the time we visit because we'll definitely be
 Donald Pleasence as Ernst Stavro Blofeld : The <unk> head of the terrorist syndicate known as SPECTRE . He intends to ignite a global nuclear war . 
They like to test a team's defence as a group, and as an individual, and will provide Cipriani with the perfect opportunity to show his skills on the road again.
Then when you do, you get a servant who forgets to bring the bread and butter unless you remind him of
But Bopara has a new designation to go with all the others he has tried, the finisher, albeit one in which he appears to have unfinished
 Cyrus recorded " Back to Tennessee " for the film Hannah Montana : The Movie , in which his character performs the song at a fundraiser to save the meadows near his hometown from development . Cyrus says the song is " part of the cornerstone " of the film because it reflects the film 's theme of escaping the fast @-@ paced , glitzy
One minus star for the fact the guy who helped me
 In what <unk> to be his last appearance for the club , against Charlton Athletic on 13 May , Fowler was given the captain 's <unk> one final time . He was substituted two minutes from the final whistle and given a standing ovation . He finished his second run as a Liverpool player with a UEFA Champions League runners @-@ up medal , although he was
 The album was his first for Starbucks ' Hear Music record label , after previously having a 45 @-@ year @-@ old relationship with Capitol / EMI . The recording contract with Capitol / EMI ended a few months prior to the release of the album , after McCartney had found out that EMI were planning to take six months to set up a promotional plan for the album . McCartney was the first artist to sign to Hear Music . The album was released on 4 June 2007 in the UK , and a day later on the 5th in the US , and with a vinyl edition later in the month on 25 June . In the US , Memory Almost Full debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 with about 161 @,@ 000 copies sold within the first week , making it McCartney 's highest @-@ charting album there since 1997 's <unk> Pie . 47 % of the album sales from the opening week were from Starbucks coffee shops , which were the best sales for any album in the history of Starbucks . While it was announced that copies of the album sold in the Starbucks coffee shops in the
 In his 1995 survey of cricket laws , Gerald Brodribb states : " No dismissal has produced so much argument as lbw ; it has caused trouble from its earliest days " . Owing to
 Townsend designed his two main projects , the aggressive Strapping Young Lad and his more melodic solo material , as counterparts . Strapping Young Lad 's music was a diverse mix of extreme metal genres : death metal , thrash metal , black metal and industrial metal . Townsend 's solo material blends many genres and influences , with elements of atmospheric ambient music , hard rock and progressive rock , along with pop metal and arena rock . He described it as " a highly orchestrated type of expansive music based in hard rock and heavy metal . <unk> and produced with a large amount of ambient elements . " Despite Strapping Young Lad 's greater mainstream acceptance , Townsend identifies more with his solo material , and has never intended Strapping Young Lad to be the focus
 Khoo <unk> @-@ <unk> ( Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : <unk> <unk> ; <unk> <unk> h @-@ <unk> @-@ <unk> : <unk> <unk> @-@ <unk> ; born 2 March 1956 ) is a Malaysian author and speaker on contemporary application of the 500 BC Chinese military treatise , The Art of War , by renowned military strategist Sun Tzu . In the 1990s , Khoo was the first Sun Tzu student in South @-@ east Asia to link and teach the general 's principles in relation to business and management . To date , Khoo has written over 26 business and management books , most of which are based on Sun Tzu 's Art of War as he made it his life 's mission to " <unk> " as many people as possible . In 1997 , although a Malaysian citizen , he was appointed as honorary Assistant Superintendent of Police by the Singapore Police Force in recognition for his contribution as consultant @-@ trainer to the police force of Singapore . His first novel , Taikor , was nominated by the National Library of Malaysia for the 2006 International <unk> Dublin Literary Award . Since 1999 , Khoo has gone into retirement and occasionally travels in Malaysia and Singapore to share the wisdom of Sun Tzu 's
Boy was I pleasantly surprised at how amazing the food was and the service was a+ as well, even
 A section of the Jin <unk> Xu <unk> , the second part of Yue Ke 's original published memoir , describes one of Zhou 's archery lessons and reveals that he took other children as his pupils : 
 Goffman does break from his connection with George Herbert Mead and Herbert <unk> in that while he does not reject the way in which individuals perceive themselves , he was more interested in the actual physical proximity or the “ interaction order ” that molds the self ( <unk> ) . In other words , Goffman believed that impression management can only be achieved if the audience is in sync with the individual ’ s perception of self . If the audience is in disagreement with the image an individual is presenting then the individual ’ s presentation of self is interrupted . Individuals present images of themselves based on how society thinks they should act in a particular situation . This decision on how to act is decided based on the concept
Well, that?s the part where you tell him that I
The tech arrived when they said he would.
He was so obliging and got it out in one day.
 However , <unk> Holocaust scholar Raul Hilberg said the book expressed views Hilberg himself subscribed to in substance , in that he too found the exploitation of the Holocaust ,
 A third group of divines were known as <unk> , a term for those who believed that the state should have significant power over the church . The entire Assembly was Erastian in the sense that the body had been called by Parliament and was completely under state control . Those labelled " Erastian " at the Assembly believed the civil authority , rather than church officers , should hold the power of church discipline . This included the power to <unk> communion from unrepentant <unk> . They did not see any particular form of church government as divinely mandated , and because of this the dissenting brethren allied with them when it became clear that a presbyterian establishment would be much less tolerant of <unk> than Parliament . There were only two divines at the Assembly who held the Erastian view , John <unk> and Thomas Coleman , but the presence of members of Parliament , especially John <unk>
Our Husky decided to escape when Jacob opened the door and Jacob ran after him and
We walked into the office and requested assistance and waited nearly 30 minutes for the guy who
We had a wonderful server,  Ian,  he guided us through the delicious
You just told me that he hates marriage!
 Federer has a contract with Nike footwear and apparel . For the 2006 championships at Wimbledon , Nike designed a jacket <unk> with a crest of three tennis racquets , symbolising the three Wimbledon Championships he had previously won , and which was updated the next year with four racquets after he won the Championship in 2006 . In Wimbledon 2008 and again in 2009 , Nike continued this trend by making him a <unk> <unk> which also has his own
My 9yr old son loved the pot
Let him be your healthcare quarterback!
I would give this review five stars but there was one thing out of his control and I had
 In a " reversed opening " , White plays an opening typically played by Black , but with colors reversed and thus an extra tempo . Evans writes of such openings , " If a defense is considered good for Black , it must be even better for White with a move in hand . " Former World Champion Mikhail <unk> reportedly expressed the same view . Watson questions this idea , citing Suba 's thesis that Black , by moving second , has more complete information than White . He writes , " everyone has such difficulties playing as White against a Sicilian Defence ( 1.e4 c5 ) , but ... leading masters have no qualms about answering 1.c4 with 1 ... e5 . " To explain this paradox , Watson discusses several different reversed Sicilian lines , showing how Black can exploit the disadvantages of various " extra " moves for White . He concludes , " The point is , Black 's set @-@ up in the Sicilian is fine as a reactive system , but not worth much when trying to claim the initiative as White . This is true because Black is able to react to the specific plan White chooses ; in Suba 's terms , his information is indeed a move greater ! Furthermore , he is able to take advantage of dead equal positions which
 In 1934 , he established the Institute of Archaeology as part of the federal University of London , adopting the position of Honorary Director . In this period , he oversaw excavations of
Service was really bad tho........our server was too busy paying attention to others.......he screwed up a few times.....but the big one was when I told him no
There is no real system, and this is why we are in need of the law, said government spokesman Mohammed
 " Boy ( I Need You ) " , which was released as the second single on November 26 , 2002 , received mixed reviews from critics . The single failed to make much impact on charts worldwide ; it reached number 68 on the US Billboard Hip @-@ Hop / R & B Songs chart and number 57 on the US Hot Singles Sales chart . Elsewhere , the song reached number 17 in the UK , and peaked within the top 40 in Australia , the Netherlands , Ireland and New
For me, one of the best aspects about Dr. Boothe is his build
He also recommended a different mask and headgear than
AND, he had gotten to Riverside and had to turn around because bone head at Anaheim Enterprise left his keys in
6695	Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself
The spa is amazing and his suggestions are spot on.
I been in the food industry for a long time now to know that he probably pocketed the money.
Spencer will soon be back (as soon as he heals) for his grooming and for
Our waiter was so attentive and genuinely nice, he got a 20%+ tip.
 The duration of Djedkare 's reign is much less certain . Djedkare 's time on the throne is well documented by the Abusir papyri , numerous royal seals and contemporary inscriptions ; taken together , they indicate a fairly long rule for this king . While the Turin canon credits him with 28 years of reign , there is direct evidence for an even longer reign . Several artefacts and inscriptions have been uncovered relating to Djedkare 's <unk> or " sed " festival , normally celebrated only after 30 years of reign . For example , the tomb of one of Djedkare 's viziers , Senedjemib Inti , relates construction works undertaken during the year of the 16th cattle count in preparation for the festival ceremonies . An alabaster vase now on display at the Louvre museum bears an inscription celebrating Djedkare 's first sed festival , indicating in all likelihood that he reigned beyond his 30th year on
 Kedok Ketawa ( [ <unk> <unk> ] ; Indonesian for The Laughing Mask , also known by the Dutch title Het <unk> <unk> ) is a 1940 action film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) . Union Films ' first production , it was directed by Jo An Djan . Starring Basoeki Resobowo , Fatimah , and Oedjang , the film follows a young couple who fight off criminals with the help of a masked man .
He gave great referrals and he did an excellent job draining and cleaning out the
 During its first decade , the newly formed Irish Free State was governed by the victors of the civil war . When de Valera achieved power , he took advantage of the <unk> of Westminster and political circumstances to build upon <unk> to greater sovereignty made by the previous government . The oath was abolished and in 1937 a new constitution was adopted . This completed a process of gradual separation from the British Empire that governments had pursued since independence . However , it was not until 1949 that the state was declared ,
His response to
His attention to detail is spot on and his knowledge of the menu was
I!d encourage all to take his advice.
 In 1765 , when he visited the ruins at the site , he found the people of the village collecting large ancient bricks exposed at the river bank . The villagers told him that they had retrieved the bricks from an old fort of the king the Vira @-@ <unk> . In 1937 , <unk> Dubreuil , an <unk> , also from France , purchased <unk> stone antiquities from local children , and also gathered some exposed on the site 's surface . In particular , he found an intaglio carved with the picture of a man . As a <unk> , he identified the intaglio as Augustus Caesar . He also found fine beads and gems . He concluded that these antiquities belonged to the Roman Empire . Dubreuil informed the local Governor of Pondicherry about his find , and called Arikamedu
 Wally notices a <unk> class action lawsuit against Varrick Labs in Florida , and realizes that if he can find some patients to sign as clients , he can earn a big <unk> on another firm 's <unk> . However , some complications make the
Apparently the original owner re-purchased establishment, and he managed to obtain the
Soriot moved on to happier ground by vowing decades of commitment to the UK, demonstrated by his plans for its Cambridge HQ.
Then they opened the one downtown and of course I started going there more often because it was closer and thats when I began chit chatting with the assistant manage (who is now the manager of the tempe one) and he
 Later Hurley brings Jack and Charlie water , he notes Charlie doesn 't look well but Jack covers for
 In July 1945 , Lawton handed in a transfer request at Everton as he wanted a move to a Southern club so as to see more of his increasingly estranged wife . In November 1945 , he was sold to Chelsea for a fee of £ 14 @,@ 000 . Chelsea continued to play regional wartime fixtures as national league football had not resumed for the 1945 – 46 season , and Lawton also continued his <unk> appearances for the England national team . In the summer of 1946 , following his <unk> , he coached for the FA in a summer camp in Switzerland . He scored a club record 26 goals in 34 league games in the 1946 – 47 season . However he struggled to settle at Stamford Bridge and came into conflict with manager Billy <unk> after refusing to go on a pre @-@ season tour of Sweden in 1947 , which resulted in him
Ahmadi applied for a special immigration visa shortly after he left his job.
My dad
I asked the workers if there was a local Billy Graham Church and they said, "no, he lives in Boone now and
3555	For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
I was offended by the racially profiled characteristic of being loud and aggressive coupled with emphasizing all of his staff were black
Our waiter, I think his name was Darko,  was coming
I went to celebrate the title championship in Abu Dhabi while my brother was lying in his sickbed.
Despite Martinez's own preference for midfield, Guardiola has also experimented with him in the centre-back role he once played for Atletico Bilbao.
 DeGrom pitched for the Savannah Sand <unk> of the Class A South Atlantic League and the St. Lucie Mets of the Class A @-@ Advanced Florida State League in 2012 , finishing the year with a 2 @.@ 43 ERA in 19 games started . In 2013 , he began the season with St. Lucie , but was promoted to the Binghamton Mets of the Class AA Eastern League after two starts due to injuries to Binghamton 's Luis <unk> and Cory <unk> . He received a promotion to the Las Vegas <unk> of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League in June after the Mets promoted Zack
5596	If Borstal Boy is
The boy, who had asked to stay back at training to practice with his father,
 The quick collapse of the Liao led to more negotiations between the Song and the Jin . Jurchen military success and their effective control over the Sixteen Prefectures gave them more leverage . Aguda grew increasingly frustrated as he realized that despite their military failures the Song still intended to seize most of the prefectures . In the spring of 1123 the two sides finally set the terms of the first Song – Jin treaty . Only seven prefectures ( including Yanjing ) would be returned to the Song , and
 Despite the odds he faced in the general election , Tufaro promised to campaign against O 'Malley , not taking defeat as an <unk> . He pointed to Bret <unk> , the mayor of Jersey City , New Jersey , as evidence that a Republican could be elected in a
At the start of working with AutoNation we had a few bumps but Steve called the following day and I have to say he went above and
Kidding, I'm actually the guy who has YOU
He chose the small with
 He scored seven goals in 11 appearances in qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup , making him Spain 's top scorer for qualification , including a vital two goals against Belgium and his first international hat @-@ trick against San Marino . At his first ever appearance in a FIFA World Cup finals at the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany , Torres scored the final goal in a 4 – 0 victory over Ukraine with a volley . In the second group match , Torres scored twice against Tunisia , first in the 76th minute to take Spain 2 – 1 into the lead , and then again from a penalty kick in the 90th . With three goals , he finished the tournament as
I thought i might have a termite problem but after a few questions from Dave he figured it wasnt termites i have
 Palencia @-@ Roth notes that critics have been struck by the <unk> elegiac style of The General in His Labyrinth ; its dark mood and somber message is similar to that of The Autumn of the Patriarch . Love is a theme common to both Love in the Time of Cholera and The General in His Labyrinth , but the latter is considered a tragedy . These two novels have
7864	Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen
 After U2 first performed " Miss Sarajevo " at the Sarajevo concert , it was not performed again until the second leg of the Vertigo Tour in 2005 . U2 did not return to perform in any country in the former Yugoslavia until August 2009 , when they performed two shows in Zagreb during the U2 360 ° Tour . During the Zagreb shows , Bono stated that his honorary Bosnian passport was one of his " most <unk> possessions " , which prompted the country 's Council of Ministers to announce that
Even dished on his skin care routine and his wife's oddball pranks during an
 The call is mostly uttered in flight and is a harsh " tsak tsak <unk> " . The same sound , but softer , is made more <unk> when individuals gather in trees . When angry or alarmed they emit various warning sounds reminiscent of the <unk> thrush ( Turdus <unk> ) . The male has a rather <unk> song that he sings in the breeding season . It is a mixture of a few phrases like those of the common <unk> ( Turdus <unk> ) interspersed with whistles , guttural <unk> and call notes . This is sung on the wing and also from a tree and a subdued version of this song with more <unk> notes is sung by a group of birds at communal roosts . 
Cabrera was also seventh in 2011, when he played in
Yknow youI couldnt concentrate and I blushed every time he looked
Once arriving, the first thing I noticed was how small the mozzarella ball was compared the he Richmond
I called John
And I feel sorry that they make their technicians(charles) into the middle man ... what an awkward situation and horrible company to work
 There have been numerous descriptions of their generally <unk> nature . <unk> ( 1961 ) wrote they are so docile that they " can be handled as freely as any non @-@ venomous species " , although this is absolutely not recommended . In Lane ( 1963 ) , <unk> explained he would capture specimens by first touching them lightly on the top of the head with a pair of tongs to test their reactions . Anger was rarely displayed , so the tongs were usually set aside and the snakes firmly grasped by the neck with one hand and the body supported with the other as he picked them up and carried them to a box for containment . He said
 During his career contemporaries saw both negative and positive sides to Walpole 's outgoing nature and desire to be in the public eye . Wodehouse commented , " I always think Hugh Walpole 's reputation was two thirds publicity . He was always <unk> books and speaking at <unk> and so on . " On the other hand , Walpole stood out as one of the few literary figures willing to go into court and give
 The one thing that was not found was COSVN . On 1 May a tape of Nixon 's announcement of the incursion was played for General Abrams , " who must have <unk> " when he heard the president state that the capture of the headquarters was one of the major objectives of the operation . MACV intelligence knew that the mobile and <unk> dispersed
 Years later Trương would recall just how " close [ South Vietnamese ] were to <unk> or capturing the core of the Southern resistance – elite units of our <unk> fighters along with the civilian and much of the military leadership " . After many days of hard marches the PRG reached the northern bases , and relative safety , in the <unk> region . Casualties were light and the march even saw the birth of a baby to Dương <unk> <unk> , the deputy minister of health in the Provisional Revolutionary Government ( PRG ) . The column needed many days to recover and Trương himself would require weeks to recover
 About 35 officer ’ s cabins were vacated and additional <unk> were installed , with the Empress taking over the Captain 's cabin . On the morning of 12 April the ship anchored off <unk> Island , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) from Constantinople , due to some uncertainty over the final destination for the Russian Royal family . On 16 April Grand Duke Nicholas <unk> and his wife the Grand Duchess <unk> , the Grand Duke Peter <unk> and his wife Grand Duchess <unk> , Princess Marina , Prince Roman
He made the trip
He is a bluff, hearty man but he found it difficult to control the emotion in his voice as he told MPs that it
i havent been there in some time so i'm not sure if he's still serving falafel but when he did, damn
Dr Campbell knows his stuff.
 In May 2006 , Hamels made his major league debut for the Phillies . After securing a long @-@ term spot as a member of the Phillies starting rotation in his rookie season , he made large <unk> in
2144	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
 After the completion of <unk> , Studio <unk> ( a brand under <unk> 's ) started production on Snow . The artists for the visual novel were Asuka <unk> , who also drew the character designs , and <unk> . The scenario was written by three members of staff : <unk> Jet , Klein , and <unk> <unk> . I 've Sound , as well as T & N Music Factory , <unk> , and <unk> contributed to the music composition . According to the liner notes on the original soundtrack of Snow , the producers acknowledged that the game 's structure resembled Key 's visual novels <unk> and Air . <unk> <unk> , who is known for his work on Air , <unk>
 Joseph Michael " Joe " Nathan ( born November 22 , 1974 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . Nathan started out his baseball career as a shortstop in high school and while at Stony Brook University , but converted to a pitcher after being drafted by the San Francisco Giants . He worked his way through the minor leagues , alternating between spots in the rotation and the bullpen . After a few years of splitting time between the majors and the minors , Nathan had a breakout season as a setup man for the Giants in 2003 . That offseason , Nathan was
The hubby had country fried steak which he devoured, he said
 Fraser 's men were up at 3 am , but did not make good time due to the darkness . Riedesel left his camp at 3 am with a picked group of men , and was still behind Fraser when the latter arrived at Hubbardton near dawn and very nearly surprised elements of Hale 's regiment , which were scattered in the early fighting . A messenger had arrived from General St. Clair delivering news that the British had reached Skenesboro , where the elements of the retreating army had planned to regroup , and that a more <unk> route to the Hudson River was now required . St. Clair 's instructions were to follow him immediately to <unk> . Francis ' men had formed a column to march
We wanted to get drinks but the server wouldn't even wait for us to finish talking before he
 Editor Larssen and subeditor Solbakken both joined the Communist Party in 1923 and continued running the newspaper . As Olav Larssen was asked by the party to be the acting editor of Norges Kommunistblad in the winter of 1924 – 1925 , Fredrik Monsen , Evald Solbakken , and Knut <unk> <unk> were acting editors between 1924 and 1925 . Larssen eventually drifted away from the mainstream of the Communist Party . In late 1926 and early 1927 he voiced his opinion in columns that the Communist Party should contribute to the imminent merger of the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Labour Party
It was my friend's birthday and thought he would want to try
 As the Nameless officially do not exist , the upper echelons of the Gallian Army exploit the concept of plausible <unk> in order to send them on missions that would otherwise make Gallia lose face in the war . While at times this works to their advantage , such as a successful incursion into Imperial territory , other orders cause certain members of the 422nd great distress . One such member , <unk> , becomes so enraged that he abandons his post and defects into the ranks of Calamity Raven , attached to the ideal of Darcsen independence proposed by their leader , Dahau . At the same time , elements within Gallian Army Command move to erase the Nameless in order to protect their own
He passed away
What happened at his birthday meant the club don't care about him.
 In the first of a two @-@ part interview with The Wall Street Journal , Grisham claimed that although he usually attempts to include humor in his submitted drafts , it is usually removed during the editorial process . However , in this case much of the humor survived editing . In the second part of the interview the following week , Grisham
8544	At first , the sight of a blind man directing a
that attuide, we were gonna purchase those pants and that soccer ball, so whats the problem that my kid wants to play with it while im trying some pants, ok well stay with your ball and pants, i dont see why a security would think its ok to talk to kids like that, theres ways of saying stuff but not the way he
 In the mid @-@ 1970s Olivier became increasingly involved in television work , a medium of which he was initially dismissive . In 1973 he provided the narration for a 26 @-@ episode documentary , The World at War , which chronicled the events of the Second World War , and won a second Emmy Award for Long Day 's Journey into Night ( 1973 ) . In 1975 he won another Emmy for Love Among the <unk> . The following year he appeared in adaptations of Tennessee Williams 's Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and Harold <unk> 's The Collection . In 1978 he appeared in the film The Boys from Brazil , playing the role of Ezra Lieberman , an ageing Nazi hunter ; he received his eleventh Academy Award nomination . Although he did not win the Oscar ,
7423	The idea of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is
10297	I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
 Mike <unk> resigned as the head coach of Wales mid @-@ way through the 2006 Six Nations , where Wales finished fifth , and Gareth Jenkins was eventually appointed as his replacement . Jenkins led Wales through the 2007 World Cup , where they failed to advance beyond the pool stage following a loss to Fiji . Jenkins subsequently lost his job , and Warren Gatland , a New Zealander , was appointed as his successor .
 " If I Never See Your Face Again " is a pop and R & B song , which lasts for 3 : 18 ( 3 minutes , 18 seconds ) . The song was composed using common time in the key of A minor , with a moderate groove of 106 beats per minute . Instrumentation is provided by synths , and a guitar . A reviewer for IGN noted that " If I Never See Your Face Again " is complete with " <unk> synth <unk> , " whilst Jerome <unk> for BBC wrote that it is a " guitar drenched " and " synth @-@ <unk> " song . Alex Fletcher for Digital Spy commented that the song incorporated a " jagged " use of synthesizers . For the most part of the song , Levine sings in his falsetto register , whilst Rihanna adopts " <unk> tone " . 
He also kept trying to put me at ease "as a woman" (yes, he said that) which just made me
in the category of Favorite Returning Male Character the nominees are: John Wheeler from
Not only did he deal with the neck and
Our bartender was a guy (I forget his name) who
 His primary focus was gay @-@ themed writing , though he also wrote about the entertainment industry . <unk> satirical , his writing was filled with increasingly clear anger and
Goal scorer or plus-minus? Every year, no matter what Ovechkin does, the focus is on what he doesn't
We were greeted by an eager young man looking to make sure we
 In December 2008 , Mosley said that he still intended to stand down when his term ran out in October 2009 , but would take the final decision in June of that year . Mosley 's close relationship with Ecclestone , the sport 's promoter , was criticised in
So I ordered a beer and we all sat down, two seconds later, the guy from the bar put down a bottle of mug root beer that he had just gone across the street and bought.
 Along with Kung Lao , Liu Kang is the lead character in the 2005 spinoff action @-@ adventure game Mortal Kombat : Shaolin Monks . The game is a retelling of the storyline of the events leading up to Mortal Kombat II , and features the two Shaolin monks traveling to Outworld to find and defeat Shang Tsung , later ending in a fight with Shao Kahn and rescuing Kitana along the way . He is among the eleven characters representing the Mortal Kombat franchise in the 2008 crossover title Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe , which features fights between characters from the Mortal Kombat and the DC Comics <unk> . In this game , Liu Kang appears as the protagonist of the first chapter of the Mortal Kombat story mode . Tobias said that the fight he expected to see in the game was between Liu Kang and Batman as he noted their back @-@ stories to be very similar , due to fact , both Liu Kang and Batman are fought in Raiden and Superman 's chapters respectively , trying to
He is urging employers to allow their staff to fill the role: as well
6557	Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film
 DuVall revealed in September 2010 that Alice in Chains had not begun writing their next album yet , but " there 's plenty of riffs flying around . " He added , " That was the case when we first started back up . We would just <unk> these fragments , and then some time later we would <unk> through the mountain of stuff , and that 's
He pushed that guy on the ground
 The character of Walter Skinner had evolved over the course of The X @-@ Files ' sixth season . At the start of season six , however , the producers and writers felt that Skinner 's character was becoming " expendable " . With their transfer away from the X @-@ Files division , Mulder and Scully saw less and less of their former boss . Originally , John Shiban , the writer of the episode , wanted to infect Mulder with nanobots . However , he decided that since the audience knew Mulder would not be killed , this plot would not be very effective . In order to compensate for this loss , Shiban decided to re @-@ work Skinner back into the series mythology by putting
 In the Middle Ages , the Strand became the principal route between the separate settlements of the City of London ( the civil and commercial centre ) and the royal Palace of Westminster ( the national political centre ) . In the archaeological record , there is considerable evidence of occupation to the north of Aldwych , but much along the former foreshore has been covered by rubble from the demolition of the Tudor Somerset Place , a former royal residence , to create a large platform for the building of the first Somerset House , in the 17th century . The landmark Eleanor 's Cross was built in the 13th century at the western end of the Strand at Charing Cross by Edward I commemorating his wife Eleanor of Castile . It was demolished in 1647 by the request of Parliament
He recommended additional
My job, he said in 2009, is to show folks there's a lot of good music in this world, and if used right it may help to save
 In Britain , numerous honours were bestowed on the fleet and its commanders . Admiral Howe , already an earl , refused any further elevation , and King George III was <unk> from making him a Knight of the Garter by one of Howe 's political opponents . Vice @-@ Admiral Graves was elevated to the <unk> of Ireland as Baron Graves , while Vice @-@ Admiral Hood was made Viscount <unk> . Rear @-@ Admirals Bowyer , Gardner , Pasley and Curtis ( the last @-@ named was promoted from captain on 4 July 1794 ) were all made <unk> , and Bowyer and Pasley also received <unk> of £ 1 @,@ 000 a year to compensate them for their severe wounds . All first lieutenants were promoted to commander and numerous other officers were promoted in consequence of their actions . The thanks of parliament were unanimously passed to all who fought at the action and various other gifts and awards were distributed among the fleet . A memorial to Captains John <unk> and John Harvey , both of whom had died of their wounds on 30 June , was raised in Westminster Abbey .
i hated to be the apartment  police, but we didn't feel comfortable letting him in knowing that if he did really live here like he said he did, then
And any extra cash my father has he saves for his
Williams will bring his big band sound to
One of the owners came over and spoke with me for a bit and he was so kind as well.
What would you give to a kid if he
 Mathews retired from the Royal Navy in 1881 and was appointed Brigadier @-@ General of Zanzibar . There followed more expeditions to the African mainland , including a failed attempt to stop German expansion in East Africa . In October 1891 Mathews was appointed First Minister to the Zanzibar government , a position in which he was " <unk> by the sultan " . During this time Mathews was a keen abolitionist and promoted this cause to the Sultans he worked with . This resulted in the prohibiting of the slave trade in Zanzibar 's dominions in 1890 and the abolition of slavery in 1897 . Mathews was appointed the British Consul @-@ General for East Africa in 1891 but declined to take up the position , remaining in Zanzibar instead . Mathews and his troops also played a key role in the ending of the Anglo @-@ Zanzibar War of 1896 which erupted out
This guy knows how to make his customers feel special.
 Sisler was solid for much of the first half of the season , not allowing an earned run until May 19 , and by June 5 he had an ERA of 0 @.@ 74 , a 1 – 0 record with seven saves . It was at the point that his effectiveness declined rapidly , allowing runs to score in four of his next five appearances . In a game against the Red Sox on June 18 , he relieved starter Carl <unk> , and immediately gave up bases on balls to the first two batters he faced , which forced in two runs , then gave up a grand slam to Jim <unk> . He followed with another base on balls , and was relieved without having recording an out . Over the course of the next couple months , with his ERA steadily rising , his playing time was <unk> , making just six appearances in the
I love Thomas Keller and his creations.
Yet leafing through some of the hundreds, maybe thousands of drawings he has produced over the past few months, you realise that there is no essential difference between what he was
 Olivier 's stage roles in 1934 included <unk> in Gordon <unk> 's Queen of Scots , which was only a moderate success for him and for the play , but led to an important engagement for the same management ( Bronson <unk> ) shortly afterwards . In the interim he had a great success playing a thinly disguised version of the American actor John Barrymore in Edna <unk> 's Theatre Royal . His success was <unk> by his breaking an ankle two months into the run , in one of the
While I was getting my eyes checked that doctor saw a HUGE mass on my right side and with great concern called the Brain and Spine Center so he could talk with the
 After ending his work at Verulamium , Wheeler turned his attention to the late Iron Age hill @-@ fort of Maidan Castle near to <unk> , Dorset , where he excavated for four seasons from 1934 to 1937 . Co @-@ directed by Wheeler , Tessa , and the Curator of Dorset County Museum , Charles Drew
I told him no and he just said "whatever and walked away in disgust".
 In December 1789 , after five years of diplomatic wrangling about the terms of the Treaty of Mangalore that had ended the Second Anglo @-@ Mysore War , the ruler of Mysore Tipu Sultan again declared war on the British East India Company and their allies in Southern India . For the next two years the war continued as British forces and their allies drove the Mysore armies back towards the capital of <unk> . Both sides were reliant on supply by sea to maintain their campaigns inland : the British forces were supported from their major ports at Bombay and Madras , later <unk> additional forces at the small port of Tellicherry inside Mysore territory . The Mysorean forces were supplied through Mangalore by French ships . France had been an ally of the Tipu Sultan 's father <unk> Ali during the Second Anglo @-@ Mysore War and although the political instability caused by the French Revolution in Europe prevented active involvement , they ensured that their ships kept up a supply
However, UKTV's Dave channel, aimed squarely at the male Top Gear and Mock the Week audience, has shown that multi-channel television can draw advertisers and sponsors if it sticks to repeats of a few programmes that are very popular within a specific niche.
He ended up bringing me out a new one but it was after he passively aggressively
But he does explain why it's a really great option for fast, true, healthy weight loss and helps you
His tricks are original, fresh and flawless.
Modi has denied any role in the violence and he says he has no responsibility for the killings.
The 58-year-old academic triggered an evacuation at one of the world's busiest terminals last week, when Transportation Security Administration officials spotted the device in his carry-on luggage
Do you think it is hypocritical if a man does not want their SO to dress revealing or seek attention but he checks out other women who do so?
10176	Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no
 A C Benson was a friend of Henry James , to whom Walpole wrote a fan letter late in 1908 , with Benson 's encouragement . A correspondence ensued and in February 1909 James invited Walpole to lunch at the Reform Club in London . They developed a close friendship , described by James 's biographer Leon <unk> as resembling a father and son relationship in some , but not all , respects . James was greatly taken with the young Walpole , though clear @-@ eyed about the deficiencies in the <unk> and craftsmanship of his protégé 's early efforts . According to Somerset Maugham , Walpole made a sexual proposition to James , who was too <unk> to respond . Nevertheless , in their correspondence the older man 's
8356	In the second half of the film , Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis
He could only chew the meat off of the small
 An undated inscription refers to Odaenathus as a Ras and records the gift of a throne to him by a Palmyrene citizen named " <unk> son of <unk> <unk> <unk> " , which confirms the supreme character of Odaenathus ' title . The earliest known inscriptions mentioning the title are dated to October 251 and April 252 ; the 251 inscription refer to Odaenathus ' eldest son Hairan I as Ras while the 252 inscription mention Odaenathus with that title . Hairan I was apparently elevated to co @-@ lordship status by his father . Although the written evidence for Odaenathus lordship dates to 251 , it is possible that he acquired the title as early as the 240s ; following the death of Roman emperor Gordian III in <unk> during
I find it very hard to accept that he would have signed a document committing himself to pay £60,000 per month without appreciating the consequences of his signature.
In 1982, when Davie's influence was at its lowest ebb, I came across film of him working in full action painting mode in 1960, at the height of his fame and physical
 Rasbach 's setting has also been lampooned , most notably in the Our Gang short film " Arbor Day " ( 1936 ) , directed by Fred C. <unk> , in which <unk> ( played by Carl <unk> ) , sings the song in a <unk> , strained voice after a " <unk> , spare that tree " dialogue with Spanky ( George McFarland ) , sings " Trees . " Film critic Leonard <unk> has called this " the poem 's all @-@ time worst rendition . " In his album Caught in the Act , Victor <unk> , when playing requests , responds to a member of the audience : " <unk> I don 't know that ' <unk> in the Window ' . I know one that comes pretty close to it , " and proceeds
 The South African comics writer Anton <unk> has parodied the perceived racist nature of the book to highlight what he sees as the continuing racist undertones of South African society . In his <unk> in <unk> ( 2010 ) , a satire of Tintin in the Congo , he portrays Tintin as an <unk> with racist views of indigenous
Oh okay. But yknow what? Be careful. Because a guy who was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
Once he started to paint my nails I noticed that
I loved he
 The city is served by the <unk> Library , successor to the Galveston <unk> Library , which was founded in 1871 . It is the oldest public library in the State of
He definitely went above and beyond to make sure we had a great time and I definitely appreciate him for that!
My dad is hard of hearing, and I don't think he got it, and he got frustrated and just ended up with a
 Kilmer 's poem was recited in the 1980 film Superman II , as well as its 2006 director 's cut . In the scene , villain Lex Luthor ( played by Gene <unk> ) and others enter Superman 's Fortress of Solitude and comes across a video of an elder ( John Hollis ) from planet Krypton
11438	In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous
 The book was selected as " Editor 's Choice " in the Sunday Age , where Michael Gordon wrote : " This is not the whole story , but it is a well @-@ researched and superbly presented summary of the story so far – a kind of companion to the John Lennon book , ' Imagine ' – including the temper <unk> . Fans may , however , disagree with the closing assessment that Morrison may be running out of themes and ideas to express . " Publishers Weekly was critical of the book 's tone , commenting : " Turner is more adulatory than probing . " The review noted : " A complete discography makes this book a necessity for fans of the Irish Rover . " Writing for The Boston Globe , Thomas C. Palmer Jr. called the book " a coffee @-@ table biography that fills an extensive void , both for those hungry for gossip and for those who have wondered at the source of the creativity in this prolific producer of often stunningly original – if difficult to <unk> – music " . Palmer commented on the book 's value : " The value of the book is that it has at its heart the same subjects that most of Morrison 's music has featured , subtly or otherwise ( but never as <unk> as Dylan in his " Saved " period ) : religion and spirituality . " Robert <unk> reviewed the book for The Sunday Times , and wrote : " Steve Turner has performed his task as a biographer <unk> enough in Too Late To Stop Now , but the really interesting story here is told by the photographs . " <unk> commented : " Thirty years of constant rowing with anybody who has ever tried to get close to him , and a <unk> and <unk> <unk> after religion ( any
He came out took one look at the door,..Said we got this it can be
 Wiśniowiecki 's indebted family was not able to provide him with a funeral his rank and fame deserved . In the end
I totally wish i remembered his name...my
When we met Joseph for our session he very arrogently and aggressively scolded me for asking him
He agreed
My husband had their chicken pho about once a week for five months straight (until we moved) and he STILL talks about how much he misses this place.
He's especially great with the kids who come to see his show.
We took a while to decide, which we thought wouldn't be a big problem since it was mid-afternoon and the majority of the place was empty, but I guess it was for him because he came up to us at least two or three times, looking and sounding impatient each time as he asked if we were ready yet.
 With little prospect of help from <unk> arriving , infighting broke out in the Song court between the officials who supported the Jin offer and those who opposed it . Opponents of the treaty like Li Gang ( <unk> ; <unk> – 1140 ) rallied around the proposal of remaining in defensive positions until reinforcements arrived and Jurchen supplies ran out . They <unk> an ambush against the Jin that was carried out at night , and were replaced by officials who supported peace negotiations . The failed attack pushed Qinzong into meeting the Jurchen demands , and his officials convinced him to go through with the deal . The Song recognized Jin control over the three prefectures . The Jurchen army ended the siege in March after 33 days . 
The Doctor I saw today was Dr. Timothy Eichenlaub ( bald guy with bad teeth and an adittude to
He was friendly,
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
 Evan Gutierrez of Allmusic gave the album 3 @.@ 5 out of 5 stars and complemented Anthony 's voice as " developed , unique , and individual " and felt that Anthony 's debut " brought quality and passion to his listeners from the beginning . " Gutierrez also found the songs in salsa enjoyable while calling the ballads . Gutierrez praised Sergio George 's arrangements as " outstanding " though he felt the production was outdated in places . Enrique <unk> gave the album 3 out of 4 stars , noting that while Anthony was viewed with skepticism on the salsa market , he felt that Anthony " may be the best of the many newborn <unk> . " <unk> also praised Anthony 's vocals as " excellent " and
 Andrew Lindsay was confident that the Oxford crew would be more motivated than their opponents : " our advantage over Cambridge is that we are hungry for the victory . Everyone in the Oxford boat is driven to go and win this damn thing " . He was making his third and final appearance in the race having lost in both the 1997 and 1998 race . His grandfather represented Cambridge in the 1930s , and his uncle , Alexander Lindsay , rowed for the losing Oxford crew in the 1959 race before <unk> the following year . Cambridge boat club president and Canadian international rower Brad Crombie was also making his third Boat Race appearance , attempting to complete a hat @-@ trick of victories . Sean Bowden was the head coach of Oxford . His Cambridge counterpart , Robin Williams , suggested " it still feels like all or nothing to us . The fear of defeat , the aim of trying to push the limits is motivation itself " . Just as he had done in the 1993 race , umpire Mark Evans introduced modifications to the starting procedure , suggesting that he would be content to hold the crews for up to ten seconds between issuing the " set " and " go " commands . Cambridge 's Williams remarked : " I 'm happy as long as both crews abide by it " , Bowden was
He knew the regulars by name and it had a family atmosphere.
I told Craig I wasn't going to listen to any more deceit and then he offered to call Steve to see if they could do anything since I wasn't accepting his rude demeanor and lack of ethics.
 The new capital Hangzhou grew into a major commercial and cultural center . It rose from a middling city of no special importance to one of the world 's largest and most prosperous . During his stay in Hangzhou
One of the sales associates lured my boyfriend in to the kiosk and offered to clean his shoe, while cleaning my boyfriends shoe the associate noticed a spot on my right shoe and said it would work on mine as well...so he proceeded to clean the
so i open my mouth and he
4)  questionable staff -- I actually witnessed a staff member stocking halal meat next to and on top of bulk packaged pork... a manager was there, told him he couldn't do that, and they subsequently got into a heated argument
 USS Ericsson ( Destroyer No. 56 / DD @-@ 56 ) was laid down by the New York Shipbuilding of Camden , New Jersey , in November 1913 and launched in August of the following year . The ship was the second U.S. Navy vessel named in honor of John Ericsson , the Swedish @-@ born builder of
Dr Germaine is a very very nasty man who acts like he is doing you a favor to allow you to be in his
 Corn crakes are the subject of three stanzas of the seventeenth century poet Andrew <unk> 's " Upon <unk> House " , written in 1651 about the North Yorkshire country estate of Thomas Fairfax . The narrator depicts the scene of a <unk> cutting the grass , before his " whistling <unk> " unknowingly " <unk> the Rail " . The <unk> draws out the <unk> " all bloody from its breast " and " does the stroke <unk>
 The range of the species extends from New Jersey to Florida and west to Texas , although it is most commonly found in the southern states . Hentz collected his original specimen in North Carolina . In 1909 , the Peckhams reported that the species had been collected from North Carolina , Florida , Texas ,
 The first attempt to create an independent Romanian army was made by <unk> <unk> during the 1848 <unk> Revolution , and it was based at <unk> ( now part of <unk> <unk> ) . However , <unk> rapidly ordered his troops to <unk> when the Ottoman forces swept into Bucharest to stop
Charlie and his team
He didn't get the goggles!
 According to the Catechism , theft or stealing means " <unk> another 's property against the reasonable will of the owner " though exclusion exists for someone in great need to survive . " <unk> taking and keeping the property of others " considered as theft , even if the act is outside the scope of civil law . Cardinal Christoph <unk> gave example from the story of Saint Augustine , written in his Confessions , who took <unk> from neighbor 's garden when he was young . <unk> says that Augustine still has " <unk> of conscience over a childish
 Walpole published his first novel , The Wooden Horse , in 1909 . It told of a <unk> and <unk> English family shaken up by the return of one of its members from a less <unk> life in New Zealand . The book received good reviews but barely repaid the cost of having it <unk> . His first commercial success was Mr Perrin and Mr Traill , published in 1911 . The novelist and biographer Michael Sadleir writes that though some of the six novels Walpole wrote between 1909 and 1914 are of interest as examples of the author 's developing style , it is Mr Perrin and Mr Traill that deserves to be remembered for its own sake . The book , <unk> " a <unk> @-@ comedy " , is a psychological study of a deadly clash between two <unk> , one an ageing failure and the other a young , attractive idealist . In the view
 On one day during his treatments , as his wife was <unk> him down a hospital corridor , Cullen went into cardiac arrest , requiring doctors to use a <unk> to revive him . He underwent a bone marrow transplant that briefly reduced his immune system to the point that he could have very little human contact . Another examination in April 1998 revealed that the cancer was finally
BEWARE: There is a guy who works here, tall, glasses and painfully
 Five individuals conveyed on a ship from England <unk> near <unk> de <unk> in Venezuela in November 1949 , but subsequently vanished . In 1987 , a small population of common starlings was observed nesting in gardens in the city of Buenos Aires . Since then , despite some initial attempts at eradication , the bird has been expanding its breeding range at an average rate of 7 @.@ 5 km ( 4 @.@ 7 mi ) per year , keeping within 30 km ( 19 mi ) of the Atlantic coast . In Argentina , the species makes use of a variety of natural and man @-@ made nesting sites , particularly <unk> holes . 
 The mouth of the holotype of Corythosaurus is narrow . The praemaxillae each form two long folds . The folds <unk> air passages extending the narial passages to the front of the snout . There they end in narrow openings , sometimes called " pseudonares " , false bony nostrils . These were mistaken by Brown for the real nares or nostrils . These are actually situated inside the crest , above the eye <unk> . As in Saurolophus , the expanded portion of the premaxillary in front of the <unk> ' opening is <unk> : by comparison , in Kritosaurus , the bill is short , and the pseudonares extend far forward . At the end of the Corythosaurus bill , the two pseudonares unite into one . Because of his incorrect identification , Brown assumed that the holotype 's inferior process of the premaxillary was shorter than in Kritosaurus and Saurolophus , and that the process does not unite with the <unk> , another difference
7085	The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
He makes you feel as if you are the one and only guests he has to please and take care of and everything he did he seemed to truly enjoy!
It was the only thing he had the whole day and he woke up at
 Keats realized that he could never have Love , could not fulfil his Ambition , and could not spend his time with Poesy . The conclusion of " Ode to Indolence " is a dismissal of both the images and his poetry as figures that would only mislead him . Even indolence itself seems <unk> ; Andrew Motion writes that the figures force Keats to regard indolence as " the privilege of the <unk> class to which he did not belong . " If the poem is read as the final poem in the 1819 ode series , " Ode on Indolence " suggests that Keats is resigned to giving up his career
He gets defensive & raises his voice at me, yelling at me that I need 0W20 and
 Egyptian forces attempted a surprise attack on the crusaders ' camp on 9 October , but John discovered their movements . He and his retinue attacked and annihilated the Egyptian advance guard , hindering the main force . The crusaders built a floating fortress on the Nile near Damietta , but a storm blew it near the Egyptian camp . The Egyptians seized the fortress , killing nearly all of its defenders . Only two soldiers survived the attack ; they were accused of cowardice , and John ordered their execution . Taking advantage of the new Italian troops , Cardinal Pelagius began to intervene in strategic decisions . His debates with John angered their troops . The soldiers broke into the Egyptian camp on 29 August 1219 without an order , but they were soon defeated and nearly annihilated . During the ensuing panic , only the cooperation of John , the Templars , the Hospitallers and the noble crusaders prevented the Egyptians from destroying
He told me he would fix the wrap but because of Easter weekend   It would take longer to get material
 Towards the middle of July , Federer hired Pete Sampras ' old coach Paul <unk> on a trial basis to put his tennis game and career back on the right path . At the 2010 US Open , Federer reached the semifinals , where he lost a heart
 After the presentation , the session was opened for questions . Nuzman clarified doubts by Arne <unk> about doping legislation ; Osório and Cabral answered two questions by Prince Albert of Monaco about accommodation and the project 's legacy , respectively ; and the President of Brazil himself responded to a question by Austin Sealy about organization risks . Following the presentations by the four Candidate cities , <unk> El Moutawakel presented the report of the Evaluation Commission to the Session . From a total of 106 eligible IOC members , 95 were available to vote in the first round . Members from the four bidding countries were not allowed to vote until their city was eliminated . Alpha Ibrahim <unk> , <unk> <unk> Lee , <unk> <unk> and the IOC president were eligible members who did not vote . Chicago fell in the first round with 18 votes , while Tokyo received 22 , Rio 26 , and Madrid 28 . In the second round , Tokyo was eliminated with 20 votes , while Madrid received 29 and Rio 46 . Rio de Janeiro was elected in the final round with 66 votes over 32 for Madrid . The winning city was revealed by Jacques <unk> at 6 : 30 ( <unk> ) during an announcement ceremony hosted by <unk> <unk> <unk> and Jonathan Edwards . Nearly 100 @,@ 000 people celebrated the victory on Copacabana beach while watching the
DH swined his plate so it's deli turkey for him,
2770	This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
Macquarie - widely considered one of the more progressive early governors, not least in relation to making this land an economic asset for the empire and for his treatment of the colony's Aboriginal people
 He came on as a substitute on 61 minutes in Spain 's opening World Cup game on 16 June , a 1 – 0 defeat to Switzerland . He started the next two games against Honduras and Chile and although his performances in the group stage were described as below @-@ par , he received backing from manager Vicente del
My dad explained
In that, Dr. Bob is not just wonderful to the critters he
He fix it in 2 hours and
 After this Olivier played three more stage roles : James Tyrone in Eugene O 'Neill 's Long Day 's Journey into Night ( 1971 – 72 ) , Antonio in Eduardo de Filippo 's Saturday , Sunday , Monday and John <unk> in Trevor <unk> 's The Party ( both 1973 – 74 ) . Among the roles he hoped to play , but could not because of ill @-@ health , was Nathan Detroit in the musical <unk> and Dolls . In 1972 he took leave of absence from the National to star opposite Michael <unk> in Joseph L. <unk> 's film of Anthony Shaffer 's <unk> , which The Illustrated London News considered to be " Olivier at his <unk> , eye @-@ rolling best " ; both he and <unk> were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor , losing to Marlon
He said: They are divorcing.
Speaking of Dad and Mom, they both liked their Hibachi dinners which had a little bit of steak, scallops, and shrimp in
 The first aerodrome in the UK was established by the Aero Club at <unk> Manor on the Isle of <unk> , and in May 1909 it was the venue of the first flight conducted in the country by a British pilot , John Moore @-@ <unk> . In 1910 the Aero Club was granted the Royal prefix , took responsibility for controlling all private flying in the UK , and started issuing the first British pilot licences . The introduction of the de Havilland DH.60 Moth in 1925 <unk> light aviation , and
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio loses bid to have his criminal record wiped clean
 The current Romanian Land Forces were formed in 1859 , immediately after the unification of <unk> with Moldavia , and were commanded by Alexandru <unk> <unk> , <unk> of Romania until his abdication in 1866 . In 1877 , at the request of <unk> <unk> , Grand Duke of Russia the Romanian army fused with the Russian forces , and led by King Carol I , fought in what was to become the Romanian War of Independence . They participated in the Siege of <unk>
The sexiest young man took my
This electrician made a point of including some of this on the invoice and gave us the contact information of his
He said his tasted good and my salon was cooked perfect.
 In 1787 , José Damian Ortiz de Castro was in charge of finishing work on the cathedral . He did most of the work on the bell towers , putting in most of the <unk> and capping them with roofs in the shape of bells . With his death in 1793 , he did not live to see the cathedral completed , and Manuel Tolsá finished the cathedral by adding the <unk> , the central front
One of the waiters decided he'd join the conversation and he  explained that and I quote " we are busy and the large party ahead
I used to carry his card, now it doesn't fit my wallet, so I just
"henlo frens, scarfboye sending all his warmth to
 Fowler was offered a new pay @-@ as @-@ you @-@ play contract with Cardiff for the 2008 – 09 season in May 2008 and was expected to sign the contract . However , he pulled out of the deal , preferring to accept an offer of a trial at Blackburn Rovers from former Liverpool colleague Paul Ince . The move left Cardiff manager Dave Jones and chairman Peter <unk> furious after the club had assisted Fowler 's rehabilitation throughout the summer . After training with Blackburn and appearing in a handful of friendlies he was offered a six
Youre the worst best man ever!
Effrain and his team are professional with a great eye for
He was very knowledgeable and dedicated to exceeding our expectations
 The Never Ending Tour commenced on June 7 , 1988 , and Dylan has played roughly 100 dates a year for the entirety of the 1990s and 2000s — a heavier schedule than most performers who started out in the 1960s . By May 2013 , Dylan and his band had played more than 2 @,@ 500 shows , anchored by long @-@ time bassist Tony Garnier , drummer George <unk> , multi @-@ instrumentalist Donnie <unk> , and guitarist Charlie Sexton . To the dismay of some of his audience , Dylan 's performances remain unpredictable as he alters his arrangements and changes his vocal approach night after night . Critical opinion about Dylan 's shows remains divided . Critics such as Richard Williams and Andy Gill have argued that Dylan has found a successful way to present his rich legacy of material . Others have criticized his live performances for <unk>
He said "oh people are
He told me he could do multicultural hair.
 O 'Malley faced initial difficulties based on race , as a community leader stated that his entrance into the race " created some tension , " and that O 'Malley 's potential victory " would be the worst thing that could happen in this city " and could " tear this city apart . " Some saw his entrance in the race as an attempt to split the African American vote . However , O 'Malley received endorsements from prominent African American politicians in August , including Rawlings , fellow state <unk> Kenneth <unk> , and Conway . Rawlings credited O 'Malley 's " track record of <unk> black Americans . " He also
Now officially wise to my secret life on Yelp, Dad created a "freestyle" that goes "Darren can't help it, he's gotta Yelp
 The season was statistically one of the most dominant in the Open Era . He won 11 singles titles , which tied his 2004 season as the most in over two decades , his 81 match victories were the most since Pete Sampras in 1993 , and his record of 81 – 4 ( 95 @.@ 2 % ) remains the second @-@ best winning percentage in the Open Era behind only John McEnroe in 1984 . 
They came to terms on the phone, and Mr. Gallagher was true to his word.
His meal came with a side of pasta salad.
He has continued to release a new film almost every year, with his latest, Blue Jasmine,
Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his
His customer service
He recognized that fact and made no excuses for it.
 What later became Essex House on the Strand was originally an Outer Temple of the Knights Templar in the 11th century . In <unk> , ownership passed to the Knights of St John . Henry VIII gave the house to William , Baron Paget in the early 16th century . Robert Dudley , Earl of Leicester , rebuilt the house in 1563 , originally calling it Leicester House . It was renamed Essex House after being inherited by Robert <unk> , 2nd Earl of Essex , in <unk> . It
 Following a brief interlude by From Hell artist Eddie Campbell , the series ' direction was taken over by Paul Jenkins in 1995 . He had
Our waiter was very friendly and attentive, and he told us
We called the front desk back asking why they called us and the reason was because they thought the guy was coming from our room.
His exact response was, "whatever, I don't care" before promptly hanging up on
Maybe if he was
One thing he told me as a parent that I really appreciated was the DMV will have them pull out of the lot, and take 4 right turns, then either parallel park or do the 3 point
 From about 1826 Alkan began to appear as a piano soloist in leading Parisian salons , including those of the <unk> de la <unk> ( widow of Marshal <unk> ) , and the <unk> de <unk> . He was probably introduced to these venues by his teacher Zimmermann . At the same time , Alkan Morhange arranged concerts featuring Charles @-@ Valentin at public venues in Paris , in association with leading musicians including the <unk> <unk> <unk> and Henriette <unk> , the cellist Auguste Franchomme and the violinist Lambert <unk> , with whom Alkan gave concerts in a rare visit out of France to Brussels in 1827 . In 1829 , at the age of 15 , Alkan was appointed joint professor of solfège – among his pupils in this class a few years later was his brother Napoléon . In this manner Alkan 's musical career was launched well before the July Revolution of 1830 , which initiated a period in which " keyboard virtuosity ... completely dominated professional music making " in the capital , attracting from all over Europe pianists who , as Heinrich Heine wrote , invaded " like a plague of locusts swarming to pick Paris clean " . Alkan nonetheless continued his studies and in 1831 enrolled in the organ classes of François <unk> , from whom he may have learnt to appreciate the music of Johann Sebastian
 Not Quite Hollywood documents the revival of Australian cinema during the Australian New Wave of the 1970s and ' 80s through B @-@ movies including Alvin Purple , Barry <unk> <unk> His Own , Dead @-@ End Drive In , Long Weekend , Mad Max , The Man from Hong Kong , Patrick , Razorback , Road Games , <unk> and Turkey Shoot . From 1971 through to the late 1980s , Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R @-@ rating which allowed more on @-@ screen nudity , sex and violence for audiences restricted to age 18 and over . " Ozploitation
The guy I told what kinda wash I wanted was awkward and unsure how to talk to me which
After he said this, he quoted me at $1400 to complete
I saw Adam Garling PA-C and his assistant, they were
 On 1 May 2007 he was a substitute in the Champions League semi @-@ final against Chelsea , brought on in the last few minutes of extra @-@ time . He set up an attack for Dirk <unk> but the shot went straight at the Chelsea goalkeeper . The match went into a penalty shoot @-@ out that Liverpool won . Fowler was due to take the fifth and final spot @-@ kick , but the game had already ended when <unk> <unk> home his winning penalty . 
When I explained that I didn't have a copy of my birth certificate, he said "well
When I questioned him why my gift card did not run, he was very perturbed and snapped
10961	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots
He has a really friendly delivery on stage, and even after 15 years still spends time
 Wilhelm made his MLB debut with the Giants on April 18 , 1952 at age 29 , giving up a hit and two walks while only recording one out . On April 23 , 1952 , in his second game with the New York Giants , Wilhelm batted for the first time in the majors . Facing rookie Dick Hoover of the Boston Braves , Wilhelm hit a home run over the short right @-@ field fence at the Polo Grounds . Although he went to bat a total
 Some 100 Commandos were still ashore when Newman realised that evacuation by sea was no longer an option . He gathered the survivors and issued three orders
 The album was completed on November 2013 , and a bonus disc was also made for the album , containing the leftover material from the main album as well as songs from Ghost 2 , the unreleased compilation of leftover tracks from Ghost . Originally in 2012 , Townsend stated that this album will be the sixth and the last album in the Devin Townsend Project series , but he ultimately confirmed that Casualties of Cool is its own project . Townsend also started a <unk> campaign through <unk> to support the release of the album . The funding quickly reached its goal , and all additional funds were put directly to
Weird part is that he didn't want to write down our
You can tell how genuine he is from how much he cares about his
[37/F] just discovered my new-ish guy [30/M] has
He was asked about a News of the World story about the actress, his
The pepperoni pizza I had was well done and my husband had a cheese pizza he
So I guess Ill just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I
After what will have been 23 wonderful years, this has been a very difficult decision to make, he said.
Gael is already on board to play an illegal immigrant, who tries to cross the border between Mexico and the United States, but his attempt is thwarted by a drunk and racist American citizen
 The Cape lobster was first described by Johann Friedrich Wilhelm <unk> in 1792 as Cancer ( <unk> ) capensis . It was independently described in 1793 by Johan Christian <unk> as <unk> <unk> , possibly based on the same type specimen . When Friedrich Weber erected the genus Homarus in 1795 , he included <unk> ' species in it , but this
An older, short man tried to quote me 45, for a used tire and tried to school me on
9966	Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out
He begins questioning me why I am returning the
He has won only one derby game in his
 The episode was filmed between October and November 2007 in the sixth production block of the series , alongside " Exit <unk> " . The sequence of Jack , <unk> and Owen leaving for Gwen 's wedding was recorded at Roald Dahl <unk> on 25 October 2007 . A number of locations were used for the wedding venue . Producer Richard Stokes notes that " it felt like we were organising a real wedding but one that was being shot in about five different venues " . Director Ashley Way states that in directing the wedding scenes , the production team had to make sure that the colour scheme co @-@ ordinated in regards to aspects like the <unk> costumes and the flower patterns . Costume designer Ray <unk> experienced difficulty <unk> a <unk> wedding dress to accommodate the nine @-@ month baby bump worn by Eve Myles . He remarks that in trying to source three such dresses from <unk> shops in Cardiff he was regarded " as if I was the biggest sinner in the world " and ended up designing the dress worn by Gwen himself . 
Three times in his career -- once with the Seattle Mariners and twice with the Atlanta Braves -- Soriano had been disrupted by a fan on the field, he said.
 In the first episode of Series 4 of the <unk> @-@ TV ( Australia ) series Who Do You <unk> You Are ? , Australian writer @-@ actor @-@ comedian Shaun <unk> discovered that his great @-@ grandfather Giovanni ( John ) <unk> , a steward on Black Prince , was among those killed .
Not active on Facebook, occasionally contributes to his
He even showed me how to do
 The best hockey players on their high school team , Ross and the Patrick brothers were invited to play occasional games for local league teams in Montreal . Ross first played in an organized league in 1905 , joining Montreal <unk> of the Canadian Amateur Hockey League ( <unk> ) , the top amateur league in Canada . He scored ten goals in eight games during the season . His opponents regarded him as one of the best rushing <unk> . Most defenders at the time either shot the puck down the ice or passed to a forward ; in contrast , Ross <unk> up the ice , taking the puck into the offensive zone . Later that year , wishing to pursue a career in banking , he moved to Brandon , Manitoba , where he joined the Brandon <unk> of the Manitoba Hockey League , the senior league in the province . In 1906 , his first season , he scored six goals in seven games while he recorded six goals in ten games in 1907 . Around this time , the <unk> Thistles , the Manitoba League champions , wanted to strengthen their team for the Stanley Cup challenge against the Montreal Wanderers in Montreal during January 1907 . They paid Ross $ 1 @,@ 000 to play both matches , a common practice at the time , and the Thistles won the Cup . While failing to score , Ross started many plays and proved an important part of the team . Although he played for the opposing team , he received a good reception from the Montreal crowd . Ross did not play for the Thistles when the two teams played for the Cup again in March , which the Wanderers won to take back the Cup . 
 The former chairman of the South Glamorgan County Council environment committee , Councillor Paddy <unk> , called the road a " necklace of opportunity " due to its shape and also the opportunities for regeneration . By 1 April 1996 the responsibility for the road was transferred from South Glamorgan County Council to the unitary authority of
If you are planning a trip to Vegas like I was add this in it's only an hour and man
The meat looked a little charred/burnt, but he said it
 Due to their low weight and the fact that they had only one control wire per leg , the puppets were unable to walk convincingly . Therefore , scenes involving movement were filmed from the waist up , with a puppeteer holding the legs below the level of the camera and using a " <unk> " action to simulate motion . Alternatively , dynamic shots were eliminated altogether : in an interview with New <unk> , director of photography John Read spoke of the advantages of <unk> the lack of agility so that the puppets " appear , for example , to walk through doors ( although the control wires make this impossible ) or pick up a coffee cup ( although their fingers are not in fact <unk> ) . " Live @-@ action shots
As they worked, an unsmiling, unengaged man stood behind
 In 1891 , the New Zealand government set aside Resolution Island in Fiordland as a nature reserve . In 1894 , the government appointed Richard Henry as caretaker . A keen naturalist , Henry was aware that native birds were declining , and began catching and moving kakapo and <unk> from the mainland to the predator @-@ free Resolution Island . In six years , he moved more than 200
 Saprang and Sonthi started planning for the coup 7 to 8 months in advance , in approximately February 2006 . <unk> planning occurred prior to the April 2006 elections , during Thaksin 's controversial sale of Shin Corporation to <unk> Holdings and the peak of the People 's Alliance for Democracy 's campaign to <unk> the government . In July 2006 , Saprang gave an interview where he stated that Thai politics was below standard and that the Kingdom 's leadership was weak . He also claimed that Thailand had a false democracy . He denied that such criticism constituted military interference in politics . At the same time , the Thai media speculated that in the October 2006 annual Army reshuffle , Saprang would not be promoted to Assistant Army Commander and would not be allowed to retain his position of 3rd Army Area Commander . In July , Saprang 's own Deputy Commander in the 3rd Army Area , Major General Manas <unk> , warned the media that " a certain military officer who <unk>
The owner Luis is a perfectionist and after sitting down with him to go over my project I was more
 After writing ideas for over 70 songs , Townsend stated he is finally going to finish the whole project , followed by the announcement the album will be released on October 27 , 2014 . The recording process started in May 2014 , and the final project includes the album , a Ziltoid TV program and a live show , with a " big graphic novel comic " and a documentary . The album itself is a double album , with disc one being the main album and disc two featuring Devin Townsend Project material ; according to Townsend , the album 's theme is " Ziltoid against the world "
My boyfriend had been talking about this "amazing" French toast he had at the Cheesecake Factory when he ate there with his family, so we finally made it over there for Sunday brunch.
 In 1924 , the Director of the National Museum of Wales , William Evans <unk> , resigned amid ill health . Wheeler applied to take on the role of his replacement , providing supportive <unk> from Charles Reed <unk> , Robert <unk> , and H. J. <unk> . Although he had no prior museum experience , he was successful in his application and was appointed Director . He then employed a close friend , Cyril Fox , to take on the vacated position of Keeper of Archaeology . Wheeler 's proposed reforms included extending the institution 's reach and influence throughout Wales by building affiliations with regional museums , and focusing on fundraising to finance the completion of the new museum premises . He obtained a £
My buddy did run into a little problem, we were playing penny slots when he wanted to order
 Critics have observed that Hornung 's stories and novels are well @-@ structured . George Orwell wrote that Hornung was " a very conscientious and on his level a very able writer . Anyone who cares for sheer efficiency must admire his work " . Watson states that Hornung 's " writing has pace . The stories , however ridiculous , carry the readers along <unk> " . According to
 In particular , he forms a close friendship
I asked him a question about a side and he looked at the menu himself to
After we got our meals he disappeared and didn't return until about 15
The food was decent, the service by our waitress was good however the owner made it very clear that our group of minorities was unwelcome in his establishment.
 Tech picked up a first down , then Chapman was forced to scramble for a first down after facing third and 10 . Stopped inches short of gaining the first down , Tech risked turning the ball over by attempting to convert the fourth down . Unlike their previous try in the game , Tech was successful and the Hokies ' drive continued . Tech continued to pick up yardage and first downs , advancing deep into the NC State side of the field . Inside the State 30 @-@ yard line , Tech quarterback Chapman was sacked for a 10 @-@ yard loss . He responded by throwing a 30 @-@ yard pass on the next play , driving Virginia Tech inside the State one @-@ yard line . Williams rushed into the end zone with 33 seconds remaining in the quarter , cutting the Wolfpack lead to 21 – 16 . Virginia Tech elected to attempt a
Apparently Mr. Flay hasn't checked in with his
And He said
 Helms made his WWF debut on the July 5 , 2001 episode of SmackDown ! , using the name " Hollywood " Gregory Helms . He was part of the Invasion storyline as a member of The Alliance losing his
He was full of praise for the pair: Gandys are leading the way for the capital's start-ups and providing inspiration to young Londoners who are thinking
5574	I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
My teenage son brought a kid home with
He added: If you give psychostimulants
Shortly after or dinners arrived he order my boyfriend a burger and fries best burger I've tried since I moved to AZ
 After the war ended , Creutz accepted an offer to come to the Carnegie Institute of Technology , where he became the head of its Physics Department and its Nuclear Research Center in 1948 . In 1955 he returned to Los Alamos to evaluate its thermonuclear fusion program for the Atomic Energy Commission . While there he accepted an offer to become Vice President for Research and Development and the Director of its John Jay Hopkins Laboratory for Pure and Applied Science at General Atomics . Under his leadership , General Atomics developed TRIGA , a nuclear reactor for universities and laboratories . 
He (and his helper) cleaned
1764	Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
He then comes out and now says the price is normally $99.
My advice is take your car to the distant cousin who works on cars in his front yard you will get your car back twice as fast.
My fiancé has been before and said his burgers
 Between July 1984 and March 1985 , Dylan recorded Empire <unk> . Arthur Baker , who had remixed hits for Bruce Springsteen and <unk> <unk> , was asked to engineer and mix the album . Baker said he felt he was hired to make Dylan 's album sound "
This is despite the fact that he cashed in
 Several critics mentioned Bertin 's hands . Twentieth @-@ century art historian Albert <unk> described them as " powerful , <unk> ... grasping his thighs in a gesture ... projecting ... enormous strength controlled " . Some contemporary critics were not so kind . The photographer and critic Félix <unk> was harshly critical , and disparaged what he saw as a " <unk> bundle of flesh ... under which , instead of bones and muscles , there can only be intestines – this <unk> hand , the <unk> of which I can hear ! " Bertin 's hands made a different impression on the critic F. de <unk> , who remarked : " A mediocre artist would have modified them , he would have replaced those swollen joints with the cylindrical fingers of the first <unk> model ; but by this single
Again Nick does a great job on manicures he get all the excess cudical
 While at Chicago , Innis was exposed to the ideas of <unk> Veblen , the <unk> thinker who drew on his deep knowledge of philosophy and economics to write scathing critiques of contemporary thought and culture . Veblen had left Chicago years before , but his ideas were still strongly felt there . Years later , in an essay on Veblen , Innis praised him
Think his name was Jacob?
Went here for a working lunch and he service
8597	With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role
 <unk> and coaches sometimes characterized Turner as a quarterback who did not <unk> during practices , but executed well on game @-@ day . Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen said " He 's pretty go @-@ with @-@ the @-@ flow . And that 's his greatest strength and maybe his greatest weakness . The bottom line is , he plays well in games . " The Baltimore Sun wrote that he " seems to play his best when it counts — and his worst when it doesn 't . " Regarding the 2008 summer practices , offensive coordinator James Franklin said Turner ranked in the middle compared with Jordan Steffy and Josh Portis in terms of completion percentage , fewest interceptions , and " explosive " plays that gained 16 yards or more . Turner conceded that Steffy was
I completely trust him and his
 Writing for The History of WWE , Matt <unk> stated that the event was " pretty decent " considering that The <unk> , <unk> Boy Smith , and the Ultimate Warrior left the company shortly before the event . On a five @-@ star scale , he rated only the Flair / Ramon vs. Savage / Perfect match and the Hart vs. Michaels match higher than one star . He stated that the event is " recommended , but
This was the worst experience I ever had, my father and I have given
 Covenant theology is an interpretive framework used by Reformed theologians which was significantly developed during the seventeenth century . Under this scheme , as articulated by the Assembly , God 's dealings with men are described in terms of two covenants : the covenant of works and covenant of grace . The Westminster Confession was the first major Reformed symbol to explicitly mention the covenant of works ( sometimes called the covenant of life ) , in which God offered Adam eternal life on condition of perfect obedience . In the fall of man , Adam broke the covenant of works by eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil . To remedy this , God offered salvation apart from human initiative in what was called the covenant of grace . This covenant allowed man to enjoy eternal life despite his inability to obey God 's law perfectly . The idea of the covenant of grace was a much more common feature of orthodox Reformed theology . The Westminster divines set these two
 Benoît Hozjan explained Kheops Studio 's choice of Jules Verne 's work as a basis for Voyage , saying that : " Jules Verne 's novels provide the two core elements of adventure games : dreams and challenges . Characters are ordinary men engaged in concrete challenges that are [ a ] great inspiration for puzzles . " He further went on to say that the game is influenced by Verne 's From the Earth to the Moon , which documents the lead up to the lunar trip , but draws more heavily from the sequel Around the Moon , which recounts the actual voyage . The main difference , Hozjan said , was that in the novel the protagonists fail to reach the moon , whereas in Voyage the trip is a success . Additionally , Alexis Lang attributed the inspiration for the Selenites to H.G. Wells ' The First Men in the Moon , explaining that : " [ Wells ] pictured a very ancient Selenite <unk> horrified at human <unk> . Wells was more <unk> than
Scott's blackened fish was his perfection, and my swordfish was as moist and juicy as I have
I may not agree on his politics but his hotel was top notch.
Sinoti was proving himself a crowd favourite with another strong run but he could do little to prevent the visitors' opening try down his flank
 In the wake of Nettles ' death , Applewhite became increasingly paranoid , fearing a conspiracy against his group . One member who joined in the mid @-@ 1980s recalled that Applewhite avoided new converts , worrying that they were <unk> . He feared a government raid on their home and spoke highly of the Jewish defenders of <unk> in ancient Israel who showed total resistance to the Roman Empire . Increasingly , he began to discuss the Apocalypse , comparing the Earth to an overgrown garden that was to be recycled or <unk> and humanity to a failed experiment . In accordance with the garden metaphor , he stated that the Earth would be " <unk> under " . Woodward notes that Applewhite 's teaching about the Earth 's recycling is similar to the cyclical perspective of time found in Buddhism . Applewhite also utilized New Age concepts , but he differed from that movement by predicting that apocalyptic , rather than <unk> ,
 In 1937 Walpole was offered a knighthood . He accepted , though <unk> to his diary that he could not think of a good novelist since Walter Scott who had done so . " Kipling , Hardy , <unk> all refused . But I 'm not of their class , and range with Doyle , Anthony Hope and such .
 At this period , there were very few jobs available within British archaeology ; as the later archaeologist Stuart Piggott related , " the young Wheeler was looking for a professional job where the profession had yet to be created . " In 1913 Wheeler secured a position as junior investigator for the English Royal Commission on Historical Monuments , who were embarking on a project to assess the state of all structures in the nation that pre @-@ dated 1714 . As part of this , he was first sent to <unk> in Essex to assess Late Medieval buildings , although once that was accomplished he focused on studying the Romano @-@ British remains of that county . In summer 1914 he married Tessa in a low @-@
 In his first move with the Yankees , Barrow brought Red Sox coach Paul <unk> with him to New York as a scout . He purchased a share in the club in 1924 . He also discovered executive George Weiss , whom he <unk> . Barrow also orchestrated a series of trades with his former club , mainly to keep Frazee afloat . These trades netted the Yankees such stars as
 Nirvana first made a music video for " In Bloom " in 1990 for the Sub Pop Video Network Program VHS compilation ( 1991 ) . The recording of the song featured in the video is the version recorded during the Smart Studios sessions . The Sub Pop video features the band walking around various parts of lower Manhattan including the South Street <unk> , the Lower East Side , and Wall Street . While filming the video , Novoselic shaved his head as penance for a bad performance the band gave in New York City . This caused <unk> in the final cut ; shots of the band feature the bassist with and without hair throughout the video . This video was later compiled on the Nirvana box set With the Lights Out ( 2004 ) . The audio
However, when the container did arrive no one bothered calling to let him know his unit had arrived.
My husband loved his steak and I really enjoyed my sea
He is intelligent and likes to give back to his community
So this season, while Ovechkin earned the Maurice 'Rocket' Richard Trophy as the league's leading goal scorer (51) for the fourth time in his career, as much or more attention has been paid to
 In a match between the Australians and Nottinghamshire , Voce , one of the bodyline practitioners of 1932 – 33 , employed the strategy with the wicket @-@ keeper standing to the leg side and took 8 / 66 . In the second innings , Voce repeated the tactic late in the day , in fading light against Woodfull and Bill Brown . Of his 12 balls , 11 were no lower than head height . Woodfull told the Nottinghamshire administrators that , if Voce 's leg @-@ side bowling was repeated , his men would leave the field and return to London . He further said that Australia would not return to the country in the future . The following day , Voce was absent , ostensibly due to a leg injury . Already angered by the absence of Larwood , the Nottinghamshire faithful heckled the Australians all day . Australia had previously and privately
 Wales hosted the All Blacks at Cardiff Arms Park in November 1979 , losing 13 – 12 after a late penalty goal by the replacement All Black fullback , Brian <unk> . The penalty was controversial because All Black lock Andy Haden had <unk> out of a line @-@ out in an attempt to earn a penalty . Haden later admitted that he and Frank Oliver had pre @-@ agreed this tactic should the All Blacks find themselves in difficulties . <unk> Roger <unk> was roasted by the press for failing to notice the dive , but he later stated he had the penalty was in for Welsh lock Geoff Wheel for jumping off the shoulder of Frank Oliver . <unk> later said , " Haden 's perception is that his dive secured the penalty . That is a load of rubbish " . The All Blacks went on to secure their first Home Nations Grand Slam . Wales then went on to win the 1979 Five Nations
Im gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmothers apartment.
 After graduating from Janesville High School in 1929 , he took a job as a <unk> at a local bank . In 1932 , his brother John , who had graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison with a degree in electrical engineering , persuaded him to go to college as well . John suggested that " if you aren ’ t sure what part of science you want , take physics , because that 's basic to all of them . " Creutz later recalled that this was the best advice he ever got . He entered the University of Wisconsin and studied mathematics and physics . Money was scarce during the Great Depression , especially after his father died in 1935 . To pay his bills , Creutz worked as a <unk> and short order cook , and took a job taking care of the physics laboratory equipment . In 1936 , his senior year , he taught physics laboratory classes . 
Perry, who will also meet cabinet secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood during his visit as a guest of the Early Intervention Foundation, a charity aimed at tackling the root causes of childhood dysfunctions, said: We are very immature in
 Several newspapers and journals are or were published in Varanasi such as Varanasi <unk> and its successor <unk> , which became a weekly journal , first published on 1 June 1851 . The main newspaper is Aj , a Hindi @-@ language nationalist newspaper first published in 1920 . The newspaper was the <unk> of the Indian National Congress and is still a major newspaper of
I asked how the state can allow this to be considered a handi accessible bathroom my son is in a wheel chair but he is able to use the bathroom m. We had to physically lift my son to urinate which resulted in urin on the floor, along with all the Other Urin on the floor, apparently the bathroom is hooked up to a septic tank and would not accommodate the amount of ppl who would be using it, the OT told me that usually the abled bodied kids use the poro potty no problem and the kids in wheelchairs are usually in
There were threats when the foreigners were in Kunduz, but right now since the foreigners have left those threats don't exist anymore, he told the AP in a telephone interview
9717	Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up
He said I didn't pay my rent but I did ,well they ruled in his favor cause I was
 In his survey of cricket laws , Gerald Brodribb suggests that " no dismissal has produced so much argument as lbw ; it has caused trouble from its earliest days " . Among those who do not follow cricket , the law has the reputation of being extremely difficult to understand , of equivalent complexity to association football 's offside rule . Owing to the difficulty of its interpretation , lbw is regarded by critics as the most controversial of the laws but also a <unk> by which an umpire 's abilities are judged . In his book Cricket and the Law : The Man in White Is Always Right , David Fraser writes that umpires ' lbw decisions are frequently criticised and " arguments about bias and incompetence in <unk> inform almost every discussion about lbw decisions . " Problems arise because the umpire has not only to establish what has happened but also to speculate over what might have occurred . <unk> aspects of lbw decisions include the umpire having to determine whether the ball pitched outside leg stump , and in certain circumstances whether the batsman intended to hit the ball or leave it alone . <unk> are frequently criticised for their lbw decisions by players , commentators and spectators . Historically , trouble ranging from protests and arguments to crowd demonstrations occasionally arose from disputed decisions . For example , a prolonged crowd disturbance , in which items were thrown onto the playing field and the
Grant his crew have been amazing.
I had he Kung pao chicken it was not that good.
 The <unk> [ in The Green Mirror ] are a kind of family Trollope might have created had he been living now ; The Cathedral is a kind of story he
 Two songs taken from the album ( " Mandatory Suicide " and " South of Heaven " ) have become near constant fixtures in the band 's live setlist , <unk> up appearances on the following : the live DVDs Live <unk> , War at the <unk> , Still <unk> , Soundtrack to the Apocalypse 's deluxe edition 's bonus live disc , and the live double album Decade of <unk> . Lombardo <unk> with Finnish cellist group <unk> on a live medley of the two tracks at 1998 's <unk> 's Heaven festival in the Netherlands . Adrien Begrand of PopMatters described " South of Heaven " as " an unorthodox set opener in theory " , noting " the song went over like a <unk> bomb detonating the place : dozens of inverted crosses projected behind the high drum <unk> , the <unk> opening notes kicked in , followed by an overture of bass , cymbal crashes , and <unk> fills , leading up to the slowly building crescendo " in a concert review . Lombardo remembers listening to a live rendition of " South of Heaven " and thinking " ‘ Man ! There 's just so much groove in that song . ’ To my kids I was saying , ‘ Listen to that ! Listen to how <unk> that is ! ’ And it 's heavy . " A rare live version of the track featured on the <unk> <unk> 2004 promotional CD , given away to attendees at the Spring 2004 <unk> Music Tour . A live rendition of " South of Heaven " was also included on a bonus DVD which came with the group 's 2007 re @-@ release of ninth studio album Christ Illusion , shot in Vancouver , British Columbia during 2006 's <unk> Alliance tour .
He assured me
 " You 're Gonna Love Tomorrow " was written by series creator and executive producer Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw . Filming for the episode was scheduled to begin on July 7 , 2008 . The episode is the first to fully employ the five @-@ year jump , which was introduced in the final two minutes of the fourth season finale . While developing the fifth season , Cherry began <unk> ways to revamp the series . He stated : " The soap tends to build up , and I wanted to get back to where we were that very first season , where it 's just the problems of some ordinary women and they were small and relatable . " Cherry credits the producers of Lost for the idea of the time jump . The writers hoped the time jump would also help them avoid repeating mistakes they made during the show 's poorly received second season , during which they relied heavily on storylines from the previous season .
I read that it was in some random former bank, but it was not until we arrived at The Vig, did I realize that it was the bank my Dad used to take me as a
 He is generally portrayed as a large elderly man with a powerful voice . A modern folktale by noted Yangzhou storyteller Wang Shaotang ( 1889 – 1968 ) , whom folklore researcher <unk>
8348	This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
 Ruler 2 acceded to the throne of Toniná in <unk> . His rule is marked by warfare and the frequent depiction of bound captives on his monuments . Ruler 2 established the use of in @-@ the @-@ round <unk> style that came to <unk> the stelae of Toniná . A monument dated to 682 depicts three naked prisoners with their arms bound , one of them is identified as a lord from <unk> ' , an as yet unidentified site . His reign may have
When Hull originally came up with his invention, he told his wife that
 On September 29 , 1992 , Alice in Chains released its second album , Dirt . The album peaked at number six on the Billboard 200 and since its release has been certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA , making Dirt the band 's highest selling album to date . The album was a critical success , with Steve Huey of Allmusic praising the album as a " major artistic statement , and the closest they ever came to recording a flat @-@ out masterpiece " . Chris Gill of Guitar World called Dirt " huge and foreboding , yet eerie and intimate " , and " <unk> dark and brutally honest " . Dirt spawned five top 30 singles , " Would ? " , " Rooster " , " Them <unk> " , " Angry <unk> " , and " Down in a Hole " , and remained on the charts for nearly two years . Alice in Chains was added as <unk> to Ozzy Osbourne 's No More Tears tour . Days before the tour began , Layne Staley broke his foot in an ATV accident , forcing him to use crutches on stage . Starr left the band shortly after the Rock in Rio concert in January of 1993 and was replaced by former Ozzy Osbourne bassist Mike Inez . In 1993 , the band recorded two songs with Inez , " What the Hell Have I " and " A Little <unk> " , for the Last Action Hero soundtrack . During the summer of 1993 , Alice in Chains toured with the alternative music festival <unk> , their last major tour
9712	A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
Ben did a great job with his
 Wilhelm was released by the Braves on June 29 , 1971 , having pitched in three games for that year 's Braves . He signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 10 , 1971 . He appeared in nine MLB games for the Dodgers , giving up two earned runs in 17 2 ⁄ 3 innings . He also pitched in eight games that season for the team 's Class AAA minor league affiliate , the Spokane Indians . He started six of those games and registered a 3 @.@ 89 ERA . He pitched in 16 games for the Dodgers in 1972 , registering a 4 @.@ 62 ERA over 25
 Although sympathetic to the plight of western farmers and urban , unemployed workers , Innis did not embrace socialism . Eric Havelock , a left @-@ leaning colleague explained many years later that Innis <unk> political " solutions " imported from elsewhere , especially those based on Marxist analysis with its emphasis on class conflict . He worried , too , that as Canada 's ties with Britain weakened
 Writers bilingual in Kannada and Telugu gained popularity which caused interaction between the two languages , a trend that continued into modern times . The <unk> canon of the Kannada language was translated or adapted into Telugu from this time period . Palkuriki Somanatha ( <unk> ) , a devotee of social reformer Basavanna , is the most well @-@ known of these bilingual poets . The Chola chieftain <unk> ( c . 1150 ) used many Kannada words in his Telugu writings . After the decline of the Hoysala empire , the Vijayanagara empire kings further supported writers in both languages . In <unk> , inspired by Palkuriki Somanatha , <unk> Kavi translated the Telugu <unk> to Kannada , and King Deva <unk> II ( c . 1425 ) had <unk> 's landmark writing <unk>
3468	And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers
 Early fossil remains were fragmentary , which led to much speculation on the posture and nature of Iguanodon . Iguanodon was initially portrayed as a quadrupedal horn @-@ <unk> beast . However , as more bones were discovered , Mantell observed that the forelimbs were much smaller than the hindlimbs . His rival Owen was of the opinion it was a <unk>
5220	The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate
We have seen him perform at the Phoenix Zoo and just hired him for our daughter's
But when i saw him in person he made
 Fez was first announced in July 2007 on The Independent Gaming Source . A trailer released in October 2007 convinced Jason DeGroot to join the development team as a producer . DeGroot , also known as " <unk> " , first met Fish at a 2006 E3 party , and started work on the game 's soundtrack and sound effects . The soundtrack was ultimately composed by Rich " <unk> " <unk> and the sound effects by Brandon <unk> . The game was nominated for two awards at the 2008 Independent Games Festival ( <unk> ) at the Game Developers Conference ( <unk> ) : Excellence in Visual Art and the Design Innovation Award . As Fez was a side project , Fish was employed full @-@ time at Artificial Mind and Movement in Montreal , where he worked on a tie @-@ in game for a film . He was not permitted time off to attend the event and thus decided to quit his job in January 2008 — a moment he later marked as " when I became indie " . The game won " Excellence in Visual Art " , and created a surge of public interest in the game concurrent to a similar swell of interest in indie game developers . Fish received a Canadian government loan to open Polytron Corporation as a startup company and began full @-@ time work on Fez . In July 2009 , Polytron announced a release for Xbox Live Arcade in early 2010 . Polytron and Microsoft agreed to release Fez as an Xbox exclusive , a deal Fish later recalled as sensible . Fish designed the game as " a console game , not a PC game " , and felt that the way he intended the game to be experienced — with a controller on a <unk> — was " part of the medium " .
I did appreciate the king size bed with a pull out couch as well...you know, for when
He texted me around 5pm and told us when to get there.
He did not have his
 Solomon ( October 27 , 2011 ) son 
 Near the Sungei Murai ( Murai River ) , 15 Platoon — under Lieutenant John Meiklejohn — had been stationed in support of a company from the 2 / 18th Infantry Battalion , in a thickly wooded area with low hills and many inlets . 15 Platoon established an enfilade formation near the shore , with its machine guns distributed in two sections on a north – south axis , facing a narrow peninsula , between the mouth of the Murai and a small inlet . According to the official history by Lionel Wigmore , after a Japanese landing party approached , the southern section under Meiklejohn " opened fire against six approaching barges , and kept on firing for two hours , despite retaliation by hand grenades , as the Japanese landed and crossed the neck of the peninsula " . As was the case elsewhere in the extremely wide sector assigned to the 22nd Brigade , many Japanese landing parties were able to outflank the thinly @-@ spread Australian positions . At risk of being cut off and with ammunition running low , Meiklejohn ordered the southern section to retreat . According to Wigmore : " Meiklejohn led his section along a jungle path where they came upon a party of Japanese resting . He shot some with his revolver , and another was knocked out with a swing from a [ machine gun ] tripod , but Meiklejohn lost his life in attempting to cover his section 's withdrawal . " The northern section of 15 Platoon held its ground " until it was informed that a near @-@ by infantry platoon was almost surrounded , and about to withdraw " . Forced to retreat without its machine guns , the northern section also found Japanese troops blocking its path . When Private Cliff <unk> was attacked by a Japanese officer wielding a sword , <unk> " <unk> him " , took the sword and used it
 These acts by the bishop , and any frustration Buchan may have felt about the <unk> of his brother Robert Stewart , Earl of Fife as guardian of
Now he was great to have returned back to the condo after his other
Eric was our server, and he didn't waste anytime coming
And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single
 After the Virginia Tech kickoff and a short return , Miami began the first drive of the game at its 32 @-@ yard line . The game 's first play was an incomplete pass from Miami quarterback Jim Kelly . After a one @-@ yard rush , Kelly completed his first pass of the game , an 18 @-@ yard toss that drove Miami to the Tech 49 @-@ yard line and gave the Hurricanes a first down . Miami then committed a 15 @-@ yard penalty , pushing the Hurricanes back into their side of the field . On the second play after the penalty , Kelly completed a 29 @-@ yard pass that gave Miami a first down . The Hurricanes were further aided by a 15
 The next production was Macbeth . Reviewers were lukewarm about the direction by Glen <unk> Shaw and the designs by Roger <unk> , but Olivier 's performance in the title role attracted <unk> . To J. C. <unk> , Olivier 's was " the finest Macbeth of our day " ; to Darlington it was " the best Macbeth of our time " . Leigh 's Lady Macbeth received mixed but generally polite notices , although to the end of his life Olivier believed it to have been the best Lady Macbeth he ever saw . 
 In June – July 1944 , No. 79 Wing supported the Allied attack on <unk> . No. 18 Squadron was again the wing 's most active unit , flying 107 sorties . In September , the Beaufighters and Mitchells attacked Japanese shipping and infrastructure in <unk> and <unk> , but lost nine aircraft and twenty @-@ six crewmen killed , among them Squadron Leader Wilbur Wackett , son of Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation manager Lawrence Wackett . By the end of the month , Mitchell missions were put on hold while replacement crews were trained . In late 1944 , plans were made to transfer No. 79 Wing from North @-@ Western Area Command to Northern Command in Papua New Guinea , where it would undertake operations against the Japanese in New Britain . The wing 's composition for this move was to be Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons , operating Mitchells , and 120 ( Netherlands East Indies ) Squadron , operating P @-@ 40 Kittyhawks . No. 31 Squadron was transferred from No. 79 Wing to the Australian First Tactical Air Force at <unk> in December . The same month , Group Captain Eaton posted out and was replaced by Group Captain John <unk> . 
And since this was the second time that he was my server, I figured my
 With five regular @-@ season MVPs ( tied for second place with Bill Russell ; only Kareem Abdul @-@ Jabbar has won more , six ) , six Finals MVPs ( NBA record ) , and three All @-@ Star MVPs , Jordan is the most decorated player ever to play in the NBA . Jordan finished among the top three in regular @-@ season MVP voting a record 10 times , and was named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History in 1996 . He is one of only seven players in history to win an NCAA
8357	Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a
 In writing for the magazine <unk> , manga critic <unk> wrote that because of its overall light and pop literary style , none of the indecency or <unk> cross @-@ dressing may engender comes through , which he <unk> is why the anime was able to air during prime time . <unk> notes the more extreme nature of the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters in comparison to the jokes involving cross @-@ dressing , and that some jokes such as those involving drugs would not be humorous today . Manga commentator <unk> <unk> lauded Eguchi for being a pioneer in drawing characters with a high fashion sense in Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , which he says effectively changed fashion in <unk> manga from being seen as a " symbol " to now being treated as an " accessory " . Eguchi 's attention to
 Coleman incorporated traditional structures and rhythms , and other elements from the rhythm and blues music he had played early his career . According to Mandel , the album 's simple , brisk music was more comparable to a coherent R & B band than jazz fusion . Although Coleman still performed the melodies on a song , he employed two guitarists for contrast to make each pair of guitarist and drummer responsible for either the rhythm or melody . Ellerbee provided accented linear counterpoint and Nix played variations of the song 's melody , while Denardo Coleman and Weston played both <unk> and <unk> . Tacuma and Ornette Coleman 's instrumental responses were played as the foreground
Came to Vegas and brought some customers and had to stay for a day, on my way to Vegas down the hills did not feel good about my brake performance, on my off parked day in Vegas thought to check in to a Mecanic to look in to my brakes, I called one of my friends who has been doing mecanic job in Vegas but is working in LA now,he gave me ARCO auto repair phone number,I called ARCO auto center and talked to Ron and from first contact on the phone he took care of me, when I got there,he put my 33 feet Limo right away on the jack and did a 100% customer satisfaction job, as I have mentioned in most of my reviews,due to my job and always working
Rob and his crew are professionals.
I was paying cash and he didnt even know my total.
He made great conversation with us and was very knowledgable with good recommendations
My husband really enjoyed the burger he got at lunch time (we didn't see it at dinner time).
 Like the other characters of the series , Perry was structured in a simple style to allow young viewers to easily draw him . In keeping with the show 's general design scheme , Perry is constructed of <unk> shapes in a style reminiscent of deceased <unk> <unk> animator <unk> Avery . Povenmire uses different design styles for drawing Perry depending on how he is portrayed . When Perry is portrayed as a domesticated and mindless pet , Povenmire begins with a square shaped like a loaf of bread . He then draws his front legs
The flare show directly after Mystere gets out is worth taking a look at, especially if Nico is doing his
Trying to get his
5194	-LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually
You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot.
4131	Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an
 He died of a stroke on
 The burning in 1789 of Christian Murphy , for coining , received practically no attention from the newspapers ( perhaps owing to practical limitations on how much news they could publish across only four pages ) , but it may have been enacted by Sir Benjamin Hammett , a former sheriff of London . Hammett was also an MP , and in 1790 he introduced to Parliament a Bill for <unk> the Sentence of Burning Women . He denounced the punishment as " the savage remains of Norman policy " which " disgraced our statutes " , as " the practice did the common law " . He also highlighted how a sheriff who refused to carry out the sentence was liable to prosecution . William Wilberforce and Hammett were not the first men to attempt to end the burning of women . Almost 140 years earlier , during the <unk> , a group of lawyers and <unk> known as the Hale Commission ( after its chairman Matthew Hale ) , was tasked by the House of Commons to take " into consideration what <unk> there are in the law " . Among the proposed reforms was the replacement of burning at the stake with hanging , but , mainly through the objections of various interested parties , none of the commission 's proposals made it into law during the <unk> Parliament . Hammett was confident though . He believed that public opinion was on his side and that " the House would go with him in the cause of humanity " . The change in
 Abu @-@ Jamal did not make any public statements about Faulkner 's murder until May 2001 . In his version of events , he claimed that he was sitting in his cab across the street when he heard shouting , then saw a police vehicle , then heard the sound of <unk> . Upon seeing his
Clinton is the last Democratic presidential candidate to carry a swath of Southern states crucial to the 2014 midterms, including his native Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky and Louisiana.
He came through on all his words with actions.
He really takes good care of
Wolfgang Schaeuble, Germany's finance minister, said earlier this week that he had urged the Commission to think carefully when drafting the new law.
Midfielder Javier Mascherano also saw cause for optimism, declaring the performance better than the Iran game: The speed of the ball was much better; we were much quicker, he said.
Waiter was good but the steak gorgonzola was a small portion for the price and where me and my wife was there was several nat's flying and went into my food we had to move got the food there was comp or anything spent 50 dollars for bug food afterwards my wife went to talk to the manager saying we will not return he asked if we paid and we said yes and he sorry we can't do anything have a nice day stay away if you want bugs in your food unless you don't mind
 Class II stones are carefully shaped slabs dating after the arrival of Christianity in the eighth and ninth centuries , with a cross on one face and a wide range of symbols on the reverse . In smaller numbers than Class I stones , they predominate in southern <unk> , in Perth , Angus and Fife . Good examples include <unk> 2 , which contains a finely executed Celtic cross on the main face with two opposing male figures , a <unk> , cauldron , deer head and a triple disc symbol and <unk> , Angus , which shows a high @-@ <unk> Pictish boat with oarsmen and a figure facing forward in the prow . Class III stones are thought to overlap <unk> with Class II stones . Most are elaborately shaped and <unk> cross
Hamza is expected to spend a week in the witness box when he testifies in his own defence, having over-ruled his own lawyers' advice not to give evidence.
His sides were the Green Chile-Bacon Hushpuppies and the Latin Succotash.
The waiter was great also, and he brought some very
There were times when his performances with and without the ball had me thinking Sale would have been better playing with 14 men.
We had to physically lift my son to urinate which resulted in urin on the floor,
 In 1861 Briggs was appointed by President Abraham Lincoln to a diplomatic mission to the South American Republic of New Granada ( roughly present @-@ day Colombia and Panama ) . However , he died before he could take up the position . On September 4 , 1861 Briggs was getting an <unk> out of his <unk> at his home in Pittsfield , when a gun fell . As Briggs was picking it up , the gun discharged and Briggs was shot . Briggs
